ini Extensions Help
altet ~ | Arial »~ |-(H)+/B ZU A Flo WM @ Sr te v~ se
: 1 2 3 4 5 0S
Angle: Stubborn menopause belly weight that won't shift no matter what she does
Framework:
Punch
In the
Gut
Goal
Keep the viewer enagaged, keep on them at the edge of the set, fll their mind with dopamine by
opening curiosity loops, leverage emotional arcs to maximize engagement, save brand intro till
end of ads (viewer needs to earn the solution), more likely to convert by spending time with
viewer, twist the knife with belief shifting (ex. He didn't cry in the mornings at the stupid weight
not shifting
or feel embarrassed to go out in anything but stretchy joggers and
a baggy t shirt.)
We sell outcomes not products. For example, this ad sells freedom from social shame as the
main emotional driver. It gets deep into the deep emotional result the customer will get from
trying our solution.
Job of the ad is to filter all the way down to buyers.
This ad utilizes curiosity loops with their beliefs to install a new belief after
This ad holds the viewers hand throughout the entire video meeting them where they are and
carefully shifting their belief. Common frarmowng+- Relief addressed, then an emotional moment
from that avatar's nightmare state is used to build that trust, twist the knife framework
Doesn't forcibly try to handle objections, addresses them naturally with storytelling
Whole ad is written in very simple and relatable language
We are selling to Joe Schmo, we can't use autistically complicated language
At the end, the loops that were opened are closed and tied up with the viewers beliefs now
shifted,
In summary all these open loops keep the viewer engaged and gives them a reason to finish the
video.
Goal of all ads is to keep the readeriviewer on the edge of their seat
Gradually unwind all beliefs
Here's how I went from this to this, by fixing the hidden
menopause layer docs were too stubborn to tell me about.
So last year's rebound had me packing a second charity bag of
clothes, bringing coverups tothe pool, and iteralvrafusing family holiday
picks because my doc told me the only way I'd shift the
meno weight was with skinny shots until | proved him wrong.
And for years, | followed all the typical health advice under the
sun from strict diets to regular gym sessions and even ashwagandha and
mushroom coffees.
And | get that spark of hope each time expecting the scale
to budge just to get a wave of embarrass ment when |
felt I'd been fooled.
But the final straw for me was the horrors | had while
on the shots my doc recommended.
The nausea got so bad, I'd feel too dizzy to even safely
do school pickup just for a few lousy pounds off the scale.
All while my doc never even bothered to look at the new
science because why would he?
He didn't cry in the mornings at the stupid weight not shifting
