Well, that's bromelain, eating the bacteria slime off your tongue, and this
‘same friendly enzyme breaks down biofilm =" = tee gut.

But there was a problem.

Women would have to eat five pineapples a week to get that

kind of effect.

So they went back to the research, testing ways to make it

more potent without killing this little guy.

Before finding, when they slowly freeze dried the enzymes before packaging, it
made them three times as effective at breaking the biofilms.

And once they dissolve, the gut starts to happily absorb again and
inflammation drops.

| was thinking, well, that's great for the puffiness and bloat, but

what about my pooch?

But she explained, pairing it with some berberine is the missing key,
and it's where most companies go wrong.

You see, many women have heard berberine is known as the poor
man's skinny shot, and for good reason.

It kick starts metabolism and helps regrow good gut bacteria.

‘So most companies skip the biofilm absorption part entirely as it's not
easy to freeze dry and costs them more.

But the women that know this and stick to the science are

unpacking their charity trash bags, slipping into summer bikinis, and are the
ones asking for those precious moments to be She sent a link

toa small American company. +

But, of course, there was a catch.

She said they combined the Milan research method with the highest quality
sun dried berberine.

But this isn't a magic pill.

Biofilms thicken over years, and the problems show themselves way later than
that.

‘So women who often start seeing the bloat and puffiness drop before
its fully swept out and the guts rebalanced, it's the women sticking

to at least ninety days that see the lasting results.

| brushed it off as I'd seen enough of this type of

thing to know better.

But the science made sense, so | bought them.

And the first week, not a single thing happened.

| tried to find her to send an angry reply, but thought,

whatever.

Ii keep going. +

Then week two, my hands weren't as puffy in the morning, and

| didn't blow up from my husband's pasta bake.

And the real test was the weight, but | knew to be

Patient,

Around the five week mark, | almost fell off the scale when

| saw it had dropped six pounds.

Not a lot, but | hadn't seen that since my thirties, so

I kept going.

By my second bottle, | picked off the jeans at the top

of the trash bag.

They slipped on tight, but my god.

hadn't won them in years.

twas my third bottle that my husband said, you're very smiley
recently, and | was.

But it was like I'd found myself again.

Itwas always me, but just slipping intott = 4 I
