or feel embarrassed to go out in anything but stretchy joggers and

a baggy t shirt. *

But in the next thirty seconds, I'm gonna tell you what |

found that took me from being ashamed to be in my swimsuit
among friends to actually buying even cuter ones.

And it uses the same science that's helping thousands of other women
quietly reclaim themselves again.

So let me show you how.

But before I do, you need to understand just how bad things

got.

Because it wasn't just the pooch for me.

had the moon face and belly bloat that had gotten to

the point 'd have second thoughts even ordering a salad out.

And when my daughter touched my belly on our family holiday and
asked if she was gonna be a big sister, | broke down

in tears.

So, of course, | didn't hear this from a doctor, but a

five minute reply from a gut practitioner on a menopause health forum.
She explained it like this.

Ifyou take your tongue right now and run it across your

teeth, unless you've just brushed them, you'll feel a thin slimy plaque
layer.

Well, the same thing happens in the gut, © 4 ~ othing to
brush it away.

But why does this gut plaque matter?

Well, because estrogens helps the good bacterial plaque in the gut.
But when it declines after menopause, this layer dies off, and the
bad bacteria that would usually get brushed out by the good start

to build up to form what gut researchers call biofilms.

So it thickens over the years and starts to block absorption and
inflame the gut.

Vitamins can't get through, minerals can't get through, and the good stuff
from food starts bouncing off.

So before you know it, the body's raising the cortisol alarms in

a panic.

‘And where does this cortisol go?

Well, the place with four times four cortisol receptors than anywhere else
in the body, the belly.

So my mind started racing. +

Like, was this why the pooch wouldn't budge?

Why I felt so exhausted by pickup and puffy even in the

mornings?

How do | stop it?

She explained that a research team in Milan wanted to answer the
same question.

So they invested millions, flying in researchers from around the world to
test everything they could against these biofilms.

Probiotics?

Nope.

Antibiotics?

Nope.

But then they found something that shocked even them.

You know the tingly mouth feeling from eating too much pineapple?
