Okay, so I figured out why the the AI UGC ad does not work, and it's because there's no open loops being used, really. Okay, so the open loop should be to open a curiosity loop, right? So let's go look at the copy. Okay, so I'm gonna read this out loud to you. Okay. If you're backed up on a job you want and eating less isn't helping. Okay, eating less that does not make any sense. We need to this avatar is predominantly solution work. We'd have to say if you're backed up and you tried fiber diet and Miralax, let me explain the gut slow down nobody warned about. When that's not avatar language, we need to change the hook because once I understood it, everything changed. Okay, the shot was working and I was dropping away, but I feel like someone. I'd fill my gut with concrete and forgotten about it. I'd eat a few bites at dinner and feel like I'd swallowed a brick. Okay, so this part instantly kills the ad's momentum, okay, right? So because the main emotion here is discomfort, right? And so we don't we really do not need to spend this much time on problem agitation. Like my jeans were getting looser, but I was still leaving the dinner table early. Like again, that has nothing to do with discomfort really. That's like you know trying to go into that identity loss sort of angle and that kind of social shame. Now the the problem is that we're trying to this ad is trying to do too much and it's kind of all over the place and it's trying to force everything. It's trying to force all of the lived moments that this avatar has gone through. And then if we look at the curiosity loop loop section. And I genuinely thought losing the weight would fix it. That's not relatable to the avatar at all. Like why would losing the weight fix it? And also like that does not open a curiosity loop at all. Okay, so you clearly do not have a proper understanding of what a curiosity loop is. Let's go read the Amala script out loud. Okay, so here's how I went from this to this by fixing the menopause. I hate menopause. Later doctors are too stubborn to tell me about. Bang, right? We we agitate that doctor dismissal because. These women have frustration with their doctors. So last year's rebound had me packing a second charity bag of clothes, bringing coverups to the pool, literally refusing family holiday pics because my doctor told me the only way I'd shift the menow weight was with skinny shots until I proved them wrong, right? Do you see how that phrase "until I proved them wrong"? You know, where the angle of this ad is effectively the main emotional driver of this ad is that doctors are missold and we're leveraging that here. By creating a villain, right? And it's like now um it opens this curiosity loop because these women are wondering how did this how did this woman prove him wrong, right? If that makes sense. And for years I felt I followed all typical health advice under the sun from strict diets to regular gym sessions and even ashwaganda and mushroom coffees. And I get the spark that spark of hope each time expecting the scale to budge just to get a. Wave of embarrassment when I when I felt like I'd been fooled. When I felt like I'd been fooled. See, um, also do you see how fast we moved through that? Like we don't spend too much time. It's like okay, I tried this. Then we get then we go into the the next section, right? But the final straw for me was the horrors I had while on the shots my doc recommended. Then she actually then we actually go back to what was referenced earlier. She actually tries the shots, and you know she agitates. Side effects. Right, the nausea got so bad I felt too dizzy to even safely do school pickup. Just for a few lousy pounds off the scale, all while my doc never even bothered to look at the new science. Because why would he? Right? It's like do do look at that language right there. Like the because why would he? You know we're we're showing and not telling here, right? And it's like this is. How we're able to really relate to this avatar, right? He didn't cry in the mornings at the stupid weight not shifting, or feel embarrassed to go out in anything but stretchy joggers and a baggy T-shirt. Now the reason that this avatar needs needs all of this problem agitation is because they're very problem aware. I'd say this is more of an unaware ad actually, and it's very sophisticated, right? Where it's like our GLP-1 and. Also like the menopausal weight gain, because this is an ad about menopausal weight gain, their their main emotional driver is it's all about identity loss. You can relate to that, whereas like you know with constipation and discomfort, there's not like you we don't need you know a whole problem agitation phase to relate to that, if that makes sense, because it's not rooted in their identity. And then but in the Next 30 seconds, I'm going to tell you what I found that took me from being ashamed in my swimsuit among friends to actually buying even cuter ones. Bang, right? See, we instantly create this emotional payoff where they're like, I'm going to tell you what I found that took me from being ashamed in my swimsuit to among friends actually buying even cuter ones. Like we're we're we're we're you know showing the before and after like you know because it creates this. Open loop of like how did this woman is going to share with me how she went from her nightmare state to her desired outcome? Okay, and it uses the same science that's helping thousands of other women quietly reclaim themselves again, right? And we're leveraging social proof here, which further builds belief. So let me show you how, right? And then that creates another open loop. See how many open loops that we've, I think we've there's been like three open. Open loops that have been created here. The and then they agitate the problem here more. But again, this this avatar you know sits on sits much higher on on the sophistication stage, if that makes sense. But before I do, you need to understand how bad things got because it wasn't just the pooch for me. I had the moon face and belly bloat. I'm not going to read the rest of this, but. You, I'm going to send you the full script so you can get a better idea of the flow and the language that that's used. Also, do you see how simple the language is? Or is the copy in the current VSL script too perfect? Okay, from here on out we need to use more open loops. Give them a reason to actually watch the video, right? I want you to go through this Nora script. Look at all of the things being agitated. Look at all of the beliefs being shifted, and find the actual open loops, and tell me how we can leverage those for Motilli, and then I want you to tell me how we can fix our Motilli script. 