{"id": "facebook_1018845400732206", "days": 66, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/3167b424310b0a3f46c1db25ce70654af8839d7782525dd3553d2fbd6ab9c6d0.jpg"}, "landing": "https://alevia.com/products/amla-74"}
If you've been on Lisinopril, Amlodipine, or Metoprolol for more than a year, I'm begging you to read this.

Because if you have, there's something happening inside your body that almost no woman is told about.

I know this because it happened to me for twelve years and I didn't find out until last spring. By then it had already taken my husband.

My name is Carol Bishop. I'm 64 years old. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a nurse. I'm just a retired bookkeeper from a small town in Ohio who spent twelve years on blood pressure medication and watched my husband take the same pills until they put him in the ground.

I'm writing this from my kitchen table at 11 PM on a Tuesday because I can't sleep knowing other women are about to walk down the same road I walked. If you're one of those women, please read this all the way through. Because what I'm about to share with you is what nobody told me. Not my doctor. Not my husband's doctor. Not the pharmacist who refilled the bottle every 30 days for over a decade.

Let me start with what nobody at the clinic ever explained to either of us.

If your blood pressure was high a few years back, your doctor probably sat you down and wrote you a prescription. Lisinopril, maybe. Maybe Amlodipine. Maybe a beta blocker like Metoprolol. They told you you'd be on it for life. They told you it was safe. They told you the side effects were minor and your body would adjust.

Mine told me the same thing in 2012. I was 52. My pressure was 152 over 94. He handed me the script for Lisinopril and said, "Carol, just take this every morning and you'll be fine."

So I did.

For nine years I took that pill every single morning with my coffee. My numbers on his cuff looked great. 128 over 82. 126 over 80. He wrote in my chart that the medication was working.

But something else was happening underneath those numbers that I wouldn't understand until much later.

The dry cough started about three months in. The kind that wakes you up at 3 AM. I told my doctor. He said it was normal. My body would adjust.

The exhaustion came next. I was 53 years old and I was falling asleep on the couch by 7:30 every night. My husband would have to wake me up to come to bed. I told my doctor. He said it was probably menopause.

Then the brain fog. Forgetting words mid sentence. Standing in the grocery store unable to remember what I'd come in for. I told my doctor. He said it was probably stress.

By year five my legs felt like I was dragging fifty pound sandbags up the stairs. I told my doctor. He added Amlodipine. Said it would help.

The Amlodipine made my ankles swell. So badly I couldn't wear my normal shoes anymore. I had to buy shoes two sizes bigger.

I told my doctor. He said the swelling was a small price to pay for "good numbers."

That was the word he used. Good.

I was 58 years old. I couldn't walk up my own stairs without resting halfway. I hadn't slept through the night in four years. I couldn't remember my granddaughter's name half the time. My ankles were so swollen I cried when I tried to put on the boots my husband had given me for our 30th anniversary.

But my numbers were good.

That was the road I was on. I just didn't know where it was going yet.

My husband Frank started Lisinopril the same year I did. We were two months apart. He took his pill every morning right alongside me. Same kitchen counter. Same glass of water. For twelve years.

He had the cough. He had the exhaustion. He had the brain fog. He had the dose increases. By year ten he was on three different blood pressure pills.

His numbers on the cuff at the doctor's office were always good.

In October he had a heart attack in our bedroom at 4 AM. By the time the paramedics got there he was already gone. He was 67.

His last reading at the doctor three weeks earlier had been 124 over 78.

I sat in our living room the morning after the funeral and I held the bottle of his pills in my hand and I thought about every doctor who had told him the medication was working.

And then I thought about my own bottles on the kitchen counter.

And I thought, what is actually happening to us.

That was the night I started reading.

I'm not a medical person. I want to say that clearly. I don't have any letters after my name. I'm a 64 year old woman who spent six weeks at her kitchen table at 1 AM reading every article and every study I could find. I read things I didn't understand. I read them three times. I made notes. I cross referenced everything against other sources.

And what I figured out broke my heart.

Your blood vessels are not just tubes. They're living tissue. The inside of every blood vessel in your body is lined with a thin inner layer. A layer of living cells. And that layer is the thing that actually controls whether your blood pressure stays high or comes back down to normal.

When the layer is healthy, it does its job on its own. It tells your blood vessels to relax. To open up. To let the blood flow through without resistance.

Your body has been doing this for you your whole life. You didn't need a pill for it. You didn't need a supplement. The system worked perfectly. As long as that inner layer was intact.

But that layer is exposed to everything in your blood. Every processed meal. Every stressful day. Every blood sugar spike. Every year of inflammation. It all flows across that layer hour after hour, year after year.

And over time, it wears the layer down. Roughens it. Damages it. Like the inside of an old copper pipe that's been corroding for decades.

That's what had been happening inside my blood vessels. That's what had been happening inside Frank's.

Once that layer is damaged, it can't do its job anymore. The signal it had been giving your blood vessels for your whole life, the signal that told them to relax, that signal gets cut off at the source. Your vessels can't relax. They stay tight. Blood doesn't flow through the way it should. It has to force its way through. Your heart has to push harder with every single beat.

That's high blood pressure.

Not bad genes. Not bad luck. Not getting older.

A damaged inner layer that stopped doing the one job your body needed it to do.

I read that paragraph three times at 2 AM in my kitchen with the lamp on. In nine years of doctor's appointments, twelve years of refilling that bottle, hundreds of dollars in copays, not one person had ever explained it to me this way.

But here's the part that broke me.

The medication didn't address the layer.

The pill forces your blood vessels open with chemicals. It pries them apart whether the layer is healthy or worn down. The number on the cuff goes down. The doctor writes "controlled" in your chart. They send you home with another 30 day supply.

But that layer? Still the same. Still worn. Still not doing its job. Still getting torn at by every single beat of the heart pushing blood across a raw surface.

The pill never reached the layer. It just forced the pipe open wider while the inside kept doing what it was doing.

That's what had been happening to Frank for twelve years. His cuff readings looking great while the layer inside his vessels kept getting worse. Twelve years of his doctor writing "controlled" in his chart.

Until 4 AM in October.

I had to put the laptop down and walk outside in my nightgown at 2 in the morning because I couldn't breathe.

But I kept reading. Because I needed to know what else I might have tried.

What I read next made my hands shake.

Everything I had tried over the years besides the pill. None of it had actually reached the layer either.

The garlic capsules I'd taken for six months when I was first trying to bring my numbers down naturally. Garlic thins the blood. Doesn't reach the layer.

The fish oil my sister in law had told me about. Reduces inflammation floating in the blood. Can't reach the structural damage that was already done.

The magnesium I'd added when my doctor told me my levels were low. Relaxes the muscle around the vessel. Doesn't reach the layer.

The beetroot powder I'd tried for two months after Frank died. Adds the relaxing signal from the outside. But the layer that produces that signal naturally was worn down. Pouring more signal into a system with a broken layer was like pouring water into a bucket with a hole in the bottom. Didn't matter how much I poured. It was never going to fill.

That's why none of the natural stuff had worked.

Everything I had ever tried had worked around the layer. Nothing had reached the layer itself.

So I kept reading. And I found a study from a research team in India that changed everything.

There's a fruit. It grows in the foothills of the Himalayas. People have been using it for over 5,000 years. The traditional healers there called it "the nurse" because it brought people back when their bodies were breaking down from the inside.

The fruit is called Amla.

When modern researchers tested the antioxidant power of over 3,000 different foods, Amla ranked number one. Not blueberries. Not turmeric. Not green tea. Amla. And it wasn't close.

Amla contains specific compounds called emblicanins. They're a kind of antioxidant found almost exclusively in this fruit. And here's what they do that nothing else does.

They go after what's been wearing the inner layer down.

The free radicals that have been corroding the layer for years, the ones created by stress and processed food and sugar and just getting older. The emblicanins find them and neutralize them. Directly on the layer itself. Where the actual damage is happening.

And when the assault stops, the layer starts to heal. On its own. The same way a cut on your finger starts to heal once you stop picking at it. The body does the healing. You just have to stop what's tearing at it.

As the layer comes back, it starts doing its job again. The signal that tells your vessels to relax, the signal your body had been giving you for decades until the damage shut it down, it starts coming back. On its own.

You didn't need more signal from a bottle. You needed to stop what was wearing down the layer that makes the signal.

As the layer comes back, your vessels relax on their own. Not because a drug is forcing them. Because the layer is doing its job again. The way it was always supposed to.

When vessels relax, blood flows through without forcing. Your heart doesn't have to push as hard. The pressure on the walls drops. And when the pressure drops, the layer stops getting torn at. The cycle finally starts to slow.

Pressure comes down. Not because something overrode your body. Because your body is doing what it always knew how to do. You just had to address the layer first.

I sat at my kitchen table at 4 AM the morning I figured this out and I cried for two hours. For Frank. For every year I'd spent dragging sandbags up the stairs. For every year his doctor had written "controlled" in his chart while the layer inside him kept getting worse.

But I also cried because there was finally an answer. After twelve years.

I kept reading. I found a clinical study where Amla extract was tested head to head against a common cholesterol drug. The Amla matched the drug. Blood pressure dropped. Cholesterol came down. Inflammation markers declined. Without the dry cough. Without the brain fog. Without the swollen ankles. Without the sandbags.

A fruit. Matching a prescription drug. In a controlled clinical setting. On three different markers at the same time.

I ordered some the next morning.

The first brand I tried was a cheap powder from one of those big online retailers. Came in a plain bag. After three weeks my pressure was still 148 over 92. Down a few points but nothing like what I had read about.

I almost gave up. I almost decided everyone online was just selling something.

But something kept nagging at me. So I went back and read more carefully. And that's when I noticed something.

The people getting real results weren't just saying "Amla." They were getting specific about which Amla.

One woman online said she tried four different brands before she found one that actually moved her numbers. Another said most Amla powder you can buy is basically dried ground up filler. The compounds that actually do the work get destroyed by the heat processing most companies use to dry the fruit.

I went down a rabbit hole. Turns out most Amla supplements on the shelf are:

A raw powder with the active compounds already degraded Cut with cheap fillers to keep the price down Heat processed, which destroys the emblicanins Made overseas with no third party testing Dosed too low to actually do anything

The Amla that actually moved people's numbers was:

A standardized extract, not raw powder Organic, with no fillers Made without heat processing so the active compounds stayed intact Third party tested for purity and potency Made in the USA in small batches

I kept seeing the same brand mentioned over and over. Alevia.

I ordered it. It was more expensive than the first brand I had tried. At that point I didn't care.

When it arrived I could see the difference immediately. The capsules were uniform. The third party testing certificate was right on the bottle. The label listed the exact concentration of the active compounds, not just "Amla powder" with no dosage information.

I added 2 capsules to my morning coffee routine. Just like the bottle said.

I want to be honest about the first week. Nothing happened. No miracle. No jolt. Amla isn't a stimulant. I almost stopped taking it on day 8 because I thought I'd wasted my money again.

Then week 3 hit.

I checked my pressure on a Thursday morning. 142 over 86.

I checked it twice because I didn't believe it. Same reading.

Week 6: 134 over 82.

Week 9: 128 over 78.

Week 12: 122 over 74.

Better than I'd been in fifteen years.

The cough I'd had for nine years stopped. The swelling in my ankles went down. I wore the boots Frank had given me for our 30th anniversary for the first time in five years. I walked up my own stairs without stopping halfway.

My brain came back. I started remembering my granddaughter's name on the first try. I started reading novels again. I started sleeping seven hours straight through the night, something I hadn't done since the cough started in 2012.

I went to my doctor last month. He pulled up my chart and took my pressure. He paused. He took it again. Then he said, "Carol. Your numbers are better than they've been in twelve years. What did you change?"

I told him I'd been working with a different doctor on a slow taper off one of my medications, with Amla as part of the approach. He didn't argue with me. He just looked at the numbers on his screen and didn't argue with me.

I want to be clear about one thing before I go any further. I'm not telling anyone to stop their medications. That's not my place and that's not my advice. I'm telling you what I went through, what I figured out, and what worked for me. Any changes to a prescription should be a conversation between you and a doctor who is willing to listen to you.

But here's what I am sharing.

If you have been taking the same blood pressure pill for years and your dose keeps going up, or your doctor keeps adding new pills on top of the old ones, what happened to Frank and what was happening to me may be worth looking into. The number on the cuff is not the whole picture. It never was.

That prescription I'd been refilling every 30 days for nine years. It kept my number low. But the layer inside my vessels kept getting worse the whole time. The same way Frank's did. And nobody told either of us until I figured it out at 2 AM at my kitchen table months after I'd already lost him.

I don't want that for you.

I don't want anyone's wife to sit on her living room floor the morning after the funeral holding a bottle of pills and wondering what happened.

That's why I'm writing this at 11 PM from my kitchen table when I should be sleeping.

Alevia's Amla. It's the only brand I trust because it's the only one that worked for me after the cheap one didn't. It goes after what's been wearing down the inner layer so the layer can start to heal on its own. It reaches the thing my pills never touched.

Alevia has a 90 day money back guarantee. If your numbers don't move, full refund. No questions asked. I've never seen a pharmaceutical company offer that. Frank's pills came with no such promise.

Alevia is a small family run company. They make their product in small batches because that's the only way to keep the active compounds intact. They sell out regularly. The next batch can take 4 to 6 weeks. If you have a doctor's appointment in the next 30 to 60 days and you want your body to have a fair chance before that visit, check availability now. Don't wait.

Twelve years. Frank is gone. I can't undo any of it. But I can write this. And if even one woman reads this and gives her body a real shot before her husband or her children or her grandchildren get the 4 AM phone call I didn't get to make in time, then I've done what I came to do.

👉 alevia.com/amla/8

~ Carol Bishop, Ohio

This is my personal story. Not medical advice. Talk to your doctor before making any changes to your medication.

P.S. The 90 day money back guarantee is the part I want you to really hear. If you try Alevia's Amla for 90 days and your numbers don't move, you get every dollar back. No questions. No hoops. No "send back the unused portion." Just a refund. In twelve years of refilling Frank's prescriptions and mine, no drug company ever once said that to us. The fact that Alevia does tells you everything about what they know is in that bottle.

P.P.S. Alevia is a small company. Small batch is not marketing language. They literally can't make more than a few thousand bottles at a time without compromising what makes the extract work. When they sell out, the next batch can be 4 to 6 weeks away. I want to warn you in advance because when you click the link below, you might see they're sold out. But please click anyway. Check if they have stock. If they do, don't wait until next week.

P.P.P.S. If you take nothing else from what I've written here, take this. Your numbers on the cuff are not the whole picture. They never were. Frank's last reading was 124 over 78. Three weeks before he died. There is more going on inside your blood vessels than what shows up on a cuff. Give your body a fair chance to do what it already knows how to do.

I'm 64. I lost twelve years. I lost my husband. I just don't want anyone else to lose what I lost.

👉 alevia.com/amla/8


{"id": "facebook_1006931962059484", "days": 71, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/942f5569a85da6aa2cc0f1d97207a639bf298721c37ae9818f2392cde99eaf4d.jpg"}, "landing": "https://alevia.com/products/pomegranate-56"}
I have held a human artery in my hands and felt it grind like there was sand packed into the wall.

I have cut into vessels that should have been soft and springy and found them stiff as dried rope.

I have run a blade down the inside of an artery and heard it crackle.

I did that for a living. For thirty-four years.

My name is Frances. I am 71 years old. I was a vascular surgeon for thirty-four years, most of them at a large hospital in Cleveland. My whole career was arteries. How they carry blood. How they stiffen. How they fail. How they kill the people they belong to.

I have opened more blood vessels than I could count. I believed I understood high blood pressure better than almost anyone alive.

And I missed it in the one body I should have known best. My own.

Here is the part that still embarrasses me.

For the last decade of my career my own pressure was creeping up. 132. 138. 141. My doctor called it borderline, then he called it stage one, and he wanted to start me on medication.

I knew exactly what that medication did, because I had spent my life downstream of it. I operated on the arteries of people who took their pills faithfully for twenty years and ended up on my table anyway.

I think about my mother here. She took her blood pressure pills every morning for twenty years. Her number was always controlled. Her doctor was always pleased. She kept the little card in her purse with every reading written on it, proud of those numbers the way you are proud of a clean report.

And I watched her ankles swell until her shoes did not fit. I watched the dry cough the medication gave her settle in and never once leave. I watched her get wrung out by noon every day of her last ten years and call it getting old.

When her heart finally gave out, her arteries told the same story I had seen a thousand times on my table. The number had been perfect the whole time. The wall had been failing the whole time. Nobody was ever once looking at the wall.

I am not telling you her medication is what took her. I am telling you it managed a number on a card in her purse while the actual thing went unwatched for twenty years. That is the part that has never let me sleep.

So I did something a patient is not supposed to do, and a surgeon definitely is not supposed to do.

I walked out of that office and I did not fill the prescription.

I am going to come back to that, because I do not want you to do what I did. I am a physician, it was my own body, and even I am not certain it was the smart choice. But I could not swallow a pill I had watched manage a number while the real thing went unaddressed in person after person.

I decided I would fix the actual problem instead.

I just did not know, after thirty-four years, that I did not actually understand what the actual problem was.

Because every one of those operations had been trying to tell me something, and I had been too credentialed to hear it.

The cuff on your arm does not measure your blood pressure problem. It measures a symptom of it.

The cuff measures the pressure inside the pipe. It tells you nothing about the condition of the pipe. And the condition of the pipe is the entire game.

I knew that in the operating room. I had my hands on those pipes. I never once connected it to the number on my own arm.

So when I retired, I decided to run the experiment my whole field had never properly run.

I was going to test every natural blood pressure remedy Americans use. One at a time. On myself. In the real world. Documented every single day on my own cuff.

My daughter Diane thought I was losing my mind. My doctor told me to be careful. I told them both that I had spent thirty-four years watching people lose this fight, and I was not going to lose it sitting still.

I bought a used Subaru, packed a blood pressure cuff and a cooler and a notebook, and I started driving.

What I found will save you years.

Every remedy did the same thing.

It worked. For about two weeks. My number came down a few points. I let myself hope. And then, somewhere between day fourteen and day twenty, it stalled. And then it drifted right back up and parked itself around 140.

Every single time.

I started calling it the 140 Wall.

After the third remedy I began to understand why, and this is the most important thing in this whole letter.

For my entire career, medicine treated high blood pressure as if it were four separate problems.

Thick, sticky blood that will not flow.

Extra fluid and salt the body holds onto.

The muscle in the vessel walls clenched too tight.

And the thin inner lining of the artery, the part that is supposed to signal the vessel to relax, gone silent.

Every supplement on the shelf chases one of those four. Just one. So you get one of them to ease, your number drops a few points, and then you hit the Wall, because the other three drag it right back.

That is what everyone gets wrong, including me, for thirty-four years.

Those are not four problems. They are four symptoms of one problem.

Underneath all four of them is the same thing. Oxidation. Rust. Unstable molecules called free radicals, grinding away at your blood vessels day and night. Here is the part I had never let myself see clearly. Your body is still making the one signal that keeps your arteries open, a molecule called nitric oxide, the same as it did when you were forty. But the rust destroys that signal the moment your body makes it, before it can ever reach the vessel wall. The message never arrives. The vessels stay tight. The pressure climbs. And the higher pressure makes more rust, which destroys more of the signal, which keeps the vessels tighter still.

You can prop up any one of the four symptoms from the outside. But while you do, the rust keeps eating the signal, and the wall keeps losing the ability to run the whole system on its own. That is the Wall. You are bailing with a teaspoon while the hole in the boat gets bigger.

Let me show you how I learned that. The hard way. One remedy at a time.

Nattokinase.

I started with the blood, because I had seen sticky blood on the table. Nattokinase is an enzyme that thins it and breaks down the fibrin that makes it sticky.

Days four through ten, my readings eased. 141 down to 134. The blood was moving easier.

Day sixteen. The Wall. Back to 140.

Nattokinase thins the blood. One symptom. It does nothing for the rust destroying the signal. The Wall held.

Beetroot powder.

Everyone swears by beetroot, and there is a reason it works at first. Beetroot is loaded with the raw material your body turns into nitric oxide, the exact signal the inner wall is supposed to make to keep arteries open.

So for two weeks I was pouring that signal in from the outside. 138. 132. I was encouraged.

Day fifteen. The Wall.

Here is what I should have seen coming. The rust does not care where the nitric oxide came from. It destroys what your body makes and it destroys what you pour in from a bottle just as fast. It is pouring water into a bucket with a hole in the bottom. The moment I stopped adding it, I was right back at 140. The beetroot never touched the hole.

Magnesium.

Magnesium relaxes the muscle in the vessel wall. A real effect. My readings softened for about twelve days.

Day fourteen. The Wall.

Magnesium loosens the muscle. It does not touch the rust. One symptom. The Wall held.

Hawthorn and CoQ10.

I tested these back to back over six weeks. Hawthorn is a mild vessel relaxer. CoQ10 supports the energy the heart muscle runs on. Both are real. Both did a little. Both stalled before day eighteen and drifted back to 140.

Each one a single lever. Each one downstream of the rust.

Garlic.

Aged garlic capsules. The grandfather of every natural blood pressure remedy. Garlic has a real effect, and I will tell you nobody sat near me for two weeks.

But garlic works on the blood, not on the rust. 139. 136. Day seventeen. The Wall.

The rest.

I will group the last of them, because they all ended the same way. Hibiscus tea, which acts like a mild water pill. Celery seed, another gentle diuretic that pulls a little fluid and salt. Cayenne, which flushes the system and opens things up for an hour at a time. I drank the tea, I chewed the seed, I sweated through the cayenne in a motel in Tennessee.

Each one nudged one of the four symptoms. Each one bought me a few points and about two weeks. Each one hit the Wall and handed my number right back.

I was five months in. I had driven over eleven thousand miles. I had tested nine things on my own body and watched all nine hit the Wall.

By then the trip had cost me more than money, though it had cost me plenty of that too. Diane had stopped asking when I was coming home and started asking, carefully, whether I was alright. I had spent nights in motels checking my own cuff at two in the morning, writing a number in a notebook, and lying awake doing the math on a problem I had been trained my whole life to solve and could not. There is a particular loneliness in being the expert and being stuck.

But I was not discouraged, because every failure taught me the same lesson from a different angle. Every one of those remedies was real. Every one did something. And every one was downstream. Not a single one reached the rust that was destroying the signal.

I was sitting at a diner counter in the mountains of western North Carolina, drawing the four symptoms on a napkin with arrows pointing down at one word in the middle. Rust. The waitress had been watching me scribble for half an hour. She refilled my coffee and asked what I was working on.

I gave her the short version. Retired artery surgeon. Testing blood pressure remedies on the road. Cannot get past 140.

She set the pot down and looked at me for a long moment.

"You should go see Cora," she said.

Cora lived twenty minutes up a farm road. White clapboard house. Blue shutters. A garden still blooming in October. The Blue Ridge standing up behind it. An old woman in a rocking chair on the porch with a cup of tea, watching me come up the drive without standing and without waving.

She looked about eighty. Her face was lined the way a face lines when it has spent fifty years listening.

I told her who I was. Thirty-four years on arteries. The road trip. The nine remedies. The 140 Wall. The four symptoms and the one word in the middle of my napkin.

She listened without interrupting. She rocked. When I finished she said one thing.

"You spent all that time and money pushing the number down from the outside. Did you ever once protect the signal your body is still trying to send?"

I did not have an answer.

She stood and held the screen door open. "Come in. I will make you tea. And I will show you the thing my people used for the inside of a body long before anybody owned a blood pressure cuff."

Her kitchen was warm. Dried herbs in the window. She set a small tin on the table and opened it. Inside was a handful of dark, wrinkled, deep-red dried fruit, and a few loose seeds the color of garnets.

She told me she had been a nurse for forty years, and that the work she was proudest of was not done in any hospital. It was done at that kitchen table, with people the medicine had quit on. And the thing she reached for, over and over, was this fruit.

It is the pomegranate. Not the waxed one under the grocery light. The old kind. It has been grown and eaten in Central Asia for more than 5,000 years, and the healers there called it the fruit of life, because the people who ate it every day had steadier hearts and aged better than everyone around them.

Cora said her grandmother learned it from a traveling doctor before the first war, and her family had used it ever since. And she said everyone who came up her porch steps chasing their blood pressure was making the same mistake I had made. They were all trying to manage the number. Not one of them was protecting the thing that makes the number.

Here is what the fruit does, and I checked every word of it against thirty-four years of my own knowledge before I would believe her.

The damage to your arteries is oxidation. Rust, from free radicals, destroying the nitric oxide your body is still making. Pomegranate carries a compound called punicalagins, one of the most powerful antioxidants ever discovered. Three times the antioxidant strength of red wine. Three times the antioxidant strength of green tea. And what they do is neutralize the free radicals right there in your bloodstream, before they can reach the signal.

Stop the rust, and the signal your body has been making all along finally survives long enough to arrive. The vessels get the message they have been missing for years. They relax. The blood flows. And the wall, no longer eaten alive, does what a wall left alone does. It heals.

That is the difference. The beetroot pours the signal in for the rust to destroy. The pomegranate clears the rust so your own signal gets through.

This is not one of the four levers. It is underneath all four of them. It is the root the other nine remedies never reached. That, finally, was the answer to the 140 Wall.

And the science is not even fringe. The discovery that the inner wall makes nitric oxide to control your blood pressure won the Nobel Prize in 1998. The fruit that protects it has been in plain sight for 5,000 years. There is just no patent on a fruit. No patent, no sales rep. No sales rep, and your doctor never hears its name.

Then Cora told me the part that explains why most people who "try pomegranate" feel nothing. And this is where thirty-four years of reading labels finally paid off.

You are not eating the pomegranate she was talking about. The fruit at your grocery store, and even the premium one at the health store, is grown on the same large commercial farms, in soil that has been farmed flat for decades, sprayed, and picked early to survive shipping. By the time it reaches you the punicalagin content is a fraction of what it was meant to be.

The juice is worse. Up to thirty-two grams of sugar in a single serving, the very thing that stiffens arteries in the first place, and whatever punicalagins were in the fruit are mostly cooked out in pasteurizing. You are drinking sweetened water with a pomegranate label.

The powders are heat-dried, and heat destroys the punicalagins. Red dust. And the cheap capsules on the internet are made from that same commercial fruit, with no organic certification and no verification of how much active compound is even in the bottle.

To do what the healers were doing, you need a pomegranate grown the old way, organically, in living soil, and concentrated into an extract that is cold-processed so the punicalagins survive, standardized so every dose carries the same verified amount, and tested by an outside lab with the results published so you know it is clean and real. Taken simply, as two capsules every morning with a glass of water.

The brand a younger woman Cora had mentored was making to exactly that standard, organic, cold-processed, standardized, third-party tested, made here in the United States, and with no auto-ship trap to fight your way out of, is Alevia's Pomegranate.

I started it the night I got home.

Week one. My readings eased. 141 down toward 135. I felt the old hope and I shoved it down, because I had felt exactly this nine times on the road and nine times it was a trap. Two good weeks meant nothing to me anymore. Two good weeks was just the setup for the Wall.

Week two. 133. 131. Still dropping. Still I waited. I had written "is this the one?" in diners in three states and been wrong every time.

Week three. This was the test. The Wall had hit between day fourteen and day twenty on every remedy I had ever tried, in the lab and on the road.

Day fifteen. I checked. 129. No stall. No drift.

Day eighteen. 126. The place the Wall always lived was behind me, and the number was still going down.

Day twenty one. 124 over 79. For the first time in eleven thousand miles and nine remedies and thirty-four years, the Wall did not hold.

I sat at my kitchen table and I cried, which I had not done in a very long time. Not because of the number. Because the thing I had spent my whole career cutting into, I had finally reached without a knife.

By week six I ran my own labs, the way only a surgeon's stubbornness makes you do. My inflammatory markers were down. My readings were settling into the low 120s and holding there on their own, not propped up, not forced.

By week eight Diane came for dinner, watched me take my two capsules with my water, and said, "Mom, you walked up the porch steps without stopping at the top." I had not even noticed I used to stop.

It has been eleven months. My pressure sits in the 120s, without a prescription I refused and without a single remedy I tested on the road. The wall I spent my life cutting into is, as best I can measure it, finally being left alone.

If you have been buying blood pressure supplements that work for two weeks and then quit on you, this is why.

If you have tried the nattokinase. The beetroot. The magnesium. The hawthorn. The CoQ10. The garlic. The hibiscus and the celery seed and the cayenne.

Every one of those does something real. I tested all of them, in my own body, over eleven thousand miles. They work, for about two weeks, and then they hit the Wall, because each one props up one symptom while the rust keeps destroying the signal underneath.

You do not need to drive across the country for five months. I already did. You do not need to test nine remedies on yourself. I already did. The thing that reaches the root, the rust that is destroying your own signal, is the pomegranate. And the kind that is organic and cold-processed so it actually works is Alevia's Pomegranate.

Now here is the part I promised to come back to, and I mean every word.

I am a surgeon, and refusing my own prescription was my own decision about my own body, made with thirty-four years of knowing exactly what I was choosing. Do not copy me. If your doctor has you on a blood pressure medication, keep taking it. This is something you add, not something you stop, and any change to a prescription is your doctor's call, not mine and not yours alone. Bring this to your doctor. Add it to your morning. And let your own readings, on your own cuff, make the case over the next ninety days.

👉 https://alevia.com/pom/56

Because the extract is organic and cold-processed in small seasonal batches to keep the punicalagins alive, Alevia sells out, and when it does there is a wait for the next run.

It comes with a 90-day money-back guarantee. Take it for the full ninety days, watch your own numbers, and if you do not see a difference, every cent back, no questions asked.

P.S. I tested nine remedies in five months on the road. Nattokinase. Beetroot. Magnesium. Hawthorn. CoQ10. Garlic. Hibiscus. Celery seed. Cayenne. Every single one worked for about two weeks and then hit the 140 Wall. Pomegranate, the organic cold-processed kind, is the only thing I have found, in thirty-four years of operating on arteries and five months of testing remedies on myself, that reached the rust instead of the number. I do not say that as a spokesperson. I say it as a surgeon.

P.P.S. Cora is still on that porch. She was a nurse for forty years, and the work she is proudest of was done at her kitchen table with people the system had quit on. Her family has used this fruit for a hundred years. The Central Asian healers used it for five thousand. The cuff on your arm is barely a century old. Think about who has been studying this longer.

P.P.P.S. The first two weeks will feel like every other supplement you have tried. A few points down, and then you brace for the stall. Week three is the test. If your number keeps dropping past the place it always used to park, the rust is being cleared instead of the symptom being propped up. That is the whole difference, and you will see it on your own cuff.

P.P.P.P.S. No prescription pad comes with a money-back guarantee, and no prescription pad lets you cancel in one click. Alevia gives you 90 days and no auto-ship trap. That is long enough for your own readings to prove it to you, with none of the billing games.

P.P.P.P.P.S. It is organic and cold-processed in small seasonal batches, because heat and cheap commercial fruit would destroy the very thing that makes it work, and that means it runs out. If it is in stock when you click, and your number has been stuck at the Wall, I would not wait.

👉 https://alevia.com/pom/56


{"id": "facebook_1670197617363999", "days": 67, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/4d7066c89955f2f0a631c5f2f12d5de3b849158be19c5254d1692f12fe64ac6d.jpg"}, "landing": "https://alevia.com/products/pomegranate-56"}
Four questions no doctor answered for me in eight years of watching my blood pressure climb.

Why does the number go up while you feel absolutely nothing?

Why is it always highest first thing in the morning, before you've eaten a bite or lifted a finger?

Why didn't six years of cutting salt move it a single point?

And the one that finally kept me up at night: if I'm doing everything they told me to, how does it keep climbing anyway?

My name is Ruth Callahan. I'm 66. I have been called "borderline" since my second grandchild was born, and for eight years I did exactly what two different doctors told me. Watched my salt like it was my job. Walked the full loop every morning, rain or shine. Read labels in the grocery aisle with my glasses pushed up like I was defusing a bomb. Four-minute appointments, every few months, same sentence each time. "We'll keep an eye on it. Keep doing what you're doing. You're just borderline."

So I kept doing what I was doing. And somewhere in there I stopped expecting it to change. This is just my life now, I figured. Just the number creeping up a point or two every year, holding its breath, for as long as I live. I thought that was me being realistic.

It was not realistic. It was that not one person in eight years ever answered my four questions. And when I finally found the answers myself, I was angry, because every one of them points at the same thing, and it is not salt, and it is not willpower, and it is not something wrong with me.

Here is what I found, reading a peer-reviewed study at my kitchen table one night when I couldn't sleep. It's about the thin inner lining of your blood vessels. It's called the endothelium. I started calling it the Wall, because that's what it is.

That Wall has one main job: to make a tiny signal, a gas called nitric oxide, that tells your arteries to relax and stay open. When the Wall is healthy the signal is strong and your pressure stays where it should. But the Wall is delicate, and over the years the ordinary wear of stress and age and the free radicals in your blood (call it rust) corrode it, quietly, a little at a time. As it corrodes, it makes less and less of the signal. The arteries stay tight. The heart pushes harder. The pressure climbs. And the higher pressure scrapes harder against the already-damaged Wall and corrodes it further, which means even less signal, which means tighter arteries still. A loop that feeds itself and gets worse every year, while you feel completely fine.

And there, finally, were my four answers.

Why does it climb while you feel nothing? Because a corroding Wall doesn't hurt. There are no nerves in there sounding an alarm. The damage is silent by design. I felt fine at 140. A woman I met later felt fine at 190.

Why is it highest in the morning, before you've done a thing? Because the number was never about what you ate that day. It's about the condition of the Wall, and the Wall doesn't reset overnight.

Why didn't cutting salt move it? Because salt was never the tap. I was bailing water with a teaspoon while the real tap (the rust destroying the signal) stayed wide open the whole time.

And why does it keep climbing while I do everything right? Because everything I was doing aimed at the number. Not one thing I did aimed at the Wall.

I sat with that for a long while. For eight years I'd thought I was undisciplined, or unlucky, or just old. I was none of those. I was unmonitored, in the one place that actually mattered.

Then I read why nobody had ever told me, and it stopped being sad and started being infuriating. The discovery that the inner Wall makes nitric oxide to control your blood pressure won a Nobel Prize back in 1998, almost thirty years ago. And the plant that does the most to help that Wall heal has been studied for decades and carries zero American prescriptions, because it grows out of the ground and you cannot patent a thing that grows out of the ground. No patent, no profit. No profit, no sales rep. No sales rep, nothing on the prescription pad. "Borderline" isn't a diagnosis. It's the waiting room. "We'll keep an eye on it" means we'll wait until you're bad enough to be worth treating.

So I did what I do best. I went home and I wrote things down.

The plant is the pomegranate. It's been used in Central Asia for more than 5,000 years, where the healers called it the fruit of life, because the people who ate it every day had steadier hearts and aged better than everyone around them. The compounds that do the work are called punicalagins, some of the most powerful antioxidants ever discovered, three times the antioxidant strength of red wine or green tea. They go straight after the rust that's corroding the Wall, right there in the bloodstream where the damage is happening, before it can reach your signal. Stop the rust, and the nitric oxide your body has been making all along finally survives long enough to arrive. The arteries relax. The pressure comes down on its own, at the source.

Now, I have to tell you the part that almost cost me the whole thing, because I nearly bought the wrong version and given up for good. The juice is the worst offender: up to thirty-two grams of sugar a serving, the very thing that stiffens arteries, and the punicalagins are mostly cooked out in pasteurizing. The powders are heat-dried, and heat destroys the punicalagins, so what's left is red dust. The cheap capsules are commercial fruit grown in soil farmed flat for decades, with no verification of how much active compound is even in there. So I made a checklist before I'd spend a dime. Grown organically, in living soil. Cold-processed, not heat-killed. Standardized, with the punicalagin content actually verified. Third-party tested, certificate published. A guarantee long enough to prove something: 90 days, not 30. And no auto-ship trap. The one that checked every box is called Alevia's Pomegranate. I'd never heard of it.

Two capsules every morning with a glass of water. And yes, I kept doing everything my doctor had me on, because I'm 66, not reckless. This is something you add, not something you stop.

My notebook tells it better than I can. Day 3, nothing, and I nearly quit. Day 14, my morning reading was 146 over 90, and I flipped back through four years of pages looking for the last morning that low. Day 30, averaging 134 over 84. Day 45, I had the salty restaurant dinner I'd been afraid of for years, and my evening reading barely moved, and I wrote it down and underlined it twice. Day 60, a visit with the same doctor who'd been telling me "we'll keep an eye on it." He read my chart twice, then asked me what changed, then took out his pen and wrote it down. Eight years of him monitoring my numbers, and now he was monitoring me.

I still keep the notebook, in the same cursive my mother taught me. The only difference is the numbers go down the page now instead of holding their breath.

If your number is "borderline." If you keep a notebook or an app full of careful readings. If you read this whole thing feeling safe at 138 over 86. I wrote it for you especially. I'm not a doctor. I'm a 66-year-old woman who got tired of watching a number climb while nobody answered a single one of her questions. Talk to yours, keep doing whatever they have you on, and if you're even a little curious, get one bottle and let your own notebook decide. That's what the 90 days is for.

The one I trust is Alevia's Pomegranate. Organic, cold-processed so the punicalagins survive, standardized to the verified amount, third-party tested with the Certificate of Analysis published, and no auto-ship trap. Two capsules every morning, 90-day money-back guarantee.

👉 https://alevia.com/pom/56

~ Ruth Callahan

P.S. They run a multi-bottle discount that brings it down considerably. I split a batch with my daughter and my sister, who keeps a notebook of her own.

P.P.S. The guarantee is 90 days, and this takes about 60 days to do its real work, because the Wall heals slowly. Anything promising results in 30 is selling hope in a capsule.

P.P.P.S. It's organic and cold-processed in small batches, which is the whole point, and it has sold out twice since I started. One favor: drop your morning number in the comments. I read every single one. 👉 https://alevia.com/pom/56


{"id": "facebook_1068300395882230", "days": 54, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/f2563407e2b3ed39c19e1e02b444ba10d74188d88c05a4e341b0fa0a993ee910.jpg"}, "landing": "https://alevia.com/products/amla-74"}
Nattokinase will not get your blood pressure down to normal. I have been a cardiologist for 26 years, and 21 of my own patients proved it to me before I understood why. Here is what I switch them to, and why almost nobody on nattokinase has ever heard of it.

About three years ago I started seeing the same thing over and over in my office, and at first I could not explain it. Patients walking in with nattokinase. Different brands, same story. They had been taking it for about three months. Their morning pressure had dropped from around 150 over 95 down to 140 over 88. And then it stopped. Week after week, reading after reading. Never below 138. Never quite normal.

By the time I had seen 21 patients hit the exact same plateau on the exact same supplement, I knew it was not a coincidence. So I went back to the research, and I figured out exactly why nattokinase cannot move the number past 140, and what these patients should have been taking instead.

Here is what nattokinase actually does, and I want to be fair to it, because this part is real.

Nattokinase is an enzyme that breaks down fibrin, the protein that makes your blood clot and thicken. When your blood is too thick, your heart has to push harder to move it, and your pressure rises. Nattokinase thins the blood. It flows more easily. The pressure comes down. That is real, and it is why my patients saw a genuine drop in the first few weeks.

But here is what the longevity podcasts and the supplement forums never tell you.

Thick blood is only one of the two things driving your blood pressure up. And it is not the bigger one.

The second one, the one that matters more after 50, is the condition of your arteries themselves.

The inside of every artery is lined with a thin, living layer called the endothelium. Think of it as the inner wall of a pipe. A healthy wall makes a tiny signal, a gas called nitric oxide, that tells the artery to relax and stay open and flexible. But over the years that wall gets corroded by unstable molecules in your blood called free radicals, the rust of age and stress. As the wall is damaged, it makes less nitric oxide. The artery loses its flexibility. It turns stiff and narrow. And then it does not matter how thin your blood is. You are still forcing it through rigid pipes that will not open.

Nattokinase fixes the fluid. It does nothing for the pipes.

That is the whole reason for the plateau. Nattokinase solves the thin-blood half of the problem in the first three weeks, and then you hit a wall at 140, because the stiff-artery half is completely untouched. So people do the thing I hate to watch them do. They raise the dose. They stack on K2, serrapeptase, fish oil. They spend three and four hundred dollars a month trying to push through a ceiling that a blood thinner physically cannot break.

The first patient I really explained this to was a man named Raymond, 62. His pressure had dropped from 152 to 141 on nattokinase in three weeks, and then sat at 141 for almost two months. When I told him why, his frustration was immediate.

"So I have been taking the right supplement for the wrong half of the problem."

"You have been taking something that fixes one of two things," I told him. "It thinned your blood, and that drop was real. But the 141 that will not move is coming from the stiffness in your artery wall, and nattokinase cannot touch that."

"Then what does?"

That question changed how I practice.

I went looking for something that actually repaired the wall. Not another blood thinner. Not a drug that forces the arteries open and wears off in hours. Something that restored the wall's own ability to relax and make its own nitric oxide again.

What I found was not a drug at all. It was a superfruit.

It is called Amla, from the Himalayas, used by the healers there for more than 5,000 years, who called it the nurse, because it was what they reached for when a body was breaking down from the inside. When researchers measured the antioxidant strength of more than 3,000 different foods, Amla came out at the very top, and it was not close.

The compounds that do the work are called emblicanins. They are powerful antioxidants, and they go straight after the free radicals that are corroding the arterial wall, right there in the bloodstream where the damage is happening. When you stop the corrosion, the wall begins to heal. And as it heals, it goes back to making its own nitric oxide, the artery gets its flexibility back, and the pressure finally comes down at the source instead of being forced.

This is the exact mechanism nattokinase cannot reach. Nattokinase thins the blood. Amla repairs the pipe.

Now, I know some of you already have a dusty bottle of Amla in the cabinet, and it did nothing. Let me tell you why, because it is the same trap as the cheap garlic in the vitamin aisle, where the active compound is destroyed by your stomach before it ever does a thing.

The emblicanins are fragile, and heat destroys them. Almost all the Amla on a shelf is cheap powder dried with high heat, which means the active compounds are already cooked out of it before you ever swallow it. You are taking dead powder. It has to be cold-processed, so the emblicanins survive, and it has to be standardized and third-party tested, with the certificate of analysis published, so you know exactly how much active compound is in every capsule and that it is clean. The brand I send my patients to that meets that standard is Alevia's Amla. Two capsules every morning with water.

And the science of the wall is not fringe. The discovery that the inner lining of your arteries makes nitric oxide to control your blood pressure won the Nobel Prize in 1998. In clinical trials, a standardized Amla extract has been shown to produce a meaningful, sustained drop in systolic pressure and to improve the flexibility of the arterial wall, the very marker of stiffness that a blood thinner never moves. In one head to head study it matched a leading prescription for bringing the pressure down, without the cough, the dizziness, or the swollen ankles.

Raymond stopped the nattokinase and started the Amla. One thing I told him, and I will tell you the same. If you are on a prescription blood pressure medication, this is something you add, not something you stop, and any change to a prescription is your doctor's decision. Raymond was on the nattokinase only, so for him it was a clean switch.

Week one, 141 over 87. No real change, exactly as I expected, because the wall heals on a slower clock than blood thinning.

Week two, 137 over 85. The first time he had seen anything below 140 in two months.

Week three, 133 over 83. He texted me a photo of his monitor. He had not seen a number like that in years.

Week four, 128 over 80.

Week six, 123 over 78.

Week eight, 119 over 76. Normal, for the first time in over a year.

He came in for his follow-up and laid a printout of his readings on my desk. The chart told the whole story by itself. Three weeks of decline on the nattokinase. Almost two months flat. Then a second, deeper decline that started the week he switched. Two drops. Two different mechanisms. Right there in the data.

"The nattokinase got me from 152 to 141," he said. "The Amla got me from 141 to 119."

Since Raymond, I have moved every plateaued patient onto the same path, and the pattern holds. People who had been stuck in the high 130s and low 140s for months, who had been stacking supplement on supplement, drop into the 120s within six to eight weeks. Not because they added one more thing to the pile. Because they finally addressed the half of the problem the pile was never touching.

If you have been on nattokinase for months and your pressure has parked itself at 140 over 88, here is what I want you to know. It is not your fault, and it is not the brand, and it is not the dose. The forums recommended nattokinase on research that is real but only half the story. Nattokinase does thin your blood. It cannot touch the stiffness in your arteries, and after 50 that stiffness is the bigger driver of the two. No dose breaks through that ceiling, because a blood thinner was never built to.

The path that actually works is the other mechanism. Not thinner blood. A healed wall. The thing that does that is the antioxidant the Himalayan healers were using 5,000 years before anyone owned a blood pressure cuff.

It’s a cold-processed standardized extract. And it’s third-party tested, with the certificate of analysis you can read before you buy. Just take two capsules every morning.

It comes with a 90-day money-back guarantee. Track your pressure morning and evening. If your numbers do not break past the wall the nattokinase has been holding you against, you get every cent back.

You can keep refilling the nattokinase and watching 140 hold. Or you can repair the actual wall underneath the number.

👉 https://alevia.com/amla/8

~ Dr. Stephen Marsh, Cardiology

P.S. The plateau is not random. It is what happens when the thing you are taking has hit the ceiling of what it was built to do. Every extra month on nattokinase past that ceiling is another month the wall keeps stiffening underneath a number that looks controlled. The arteries do not wait. The mechanism that addresses the wall is one decision away.

P.P.S. If you have been on nattokinase more than three months and the number has not moved past 140 over 88, the supplement is not the problem. The mechanism is. Thinning the blood cannot fix a stiff wall. Amla works through a completely different pathway, the one that heals the wall and lets it make its own nitric oxide again, the exact thing nattokinase was never able to do.

👉 https://alevia.com/amla/8


{"id": "facebook_1773574140491973", "days": 43, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/2722ec553a902950545845a79c1e15a027b271269aba2517985039954a62bb89.png"}, "landing": "https://alevia.com/products/pomegranate-56"}
My Son Told Me They Needed My Room. He Had Already Picked The Place.

He said it kindly.

That's the part nobody believes when I tell it.

Craig is 39, he has 2 kids and a mortgage that scares him, and he says hard things in a soft voice because he thinks the softness makes them land easier.

It doesn't.

They just take longer to land.

We were at their kitchen table on a Sunday, and Steph had made a pot roast, which should have told me something, because Steph doesn't cook on Sundays.

There was a folder face down at the end of the table.

"Mom, we've been talking about the room," he said.

I asked which room.

"The back one. Where you are."

I'd been in that room for 3 years.

I asked what they'd been talking about, and Steph slid the folder across the table without opening it, the way you hand somebody a discharge packet you already know they won't read.

Brookhaven Terrace.

Assisted living, 22 minutes from their house, which Craig mentioned twice.

They'd toured it on a Thursday.

That's the piece that got me.

They toured it on a Thursday and told me on a Sunday, and in between there were 3 days where I folded Steph's laundry and never knew.

I was a med surg nurse for 31 years.

I have walked the hallways of every kind of facility this county has.

I know what the good ones smell like at 4 in the afternoon.

I know what the other ones smell like too, and the difference between them is usually the staffing ratio on third shift, which isn't something you can see on a Thursday tour.

I didn't argue.

I didn't have a speech ready.

And somewhere under my ribs there was a small ugly piece of me that felt relieved somebody had finally decided something.

I went home that night and packed one suitcase.

Then I called my cousin Arlene.

She has a cottage on Kettle Lake that's sat empty for years, and I asked if I could rent it.

She asked how long.

I said I'd let her know.

I moved on a Tuesday in the rain, with one suitcase and 4 boxes and a cuff I hadn't bought yet.

Craig didn't call for 6 days.

The cottage has a porch that faces east and a kitchen chair with a cracked vinyl seat.

The first morning I woke at 6:42 and lay there waiting for something to need me.

Nothing did.

I'd like to tell you that felt like freedom.

It felt more like a monitor lead coming loose in the night.

The alarm goes off, somebody comes running, and then they see you're fine and they walk back out again.

I spent 31 years being needed.

Double shifts and holidays, and the Christmas morning my own kid opened presents with a sitter while I ran a 28 bed floor with 2 aides.

And I called all of that love.

When you're the one being needed, they feel like the same thing.

Craig learned that from somebody.

He learned it from me, every single day, watching me make myself useful in every room I walked into.

That one's on me.

There was something else going on the whole time.

My blood pressure had been climbing for 2 years.

I'd been on a low dose water pill since 2019, one small tablet every morning, and for a long stretch that held it.

Then it stopped holding it.

At my February visit, Dr. Amato's cuff read 154 over 92.

He took it again a few minutes later and got 152 over 93.

He's a good doctor, and I want that said before anything else.

"I want to add lisinopril," he said.

"Ten milligrams. We can start low."

I've worked alongside that man for years and I know his handwriting.

I also know exactly what lisinopril is, because every drug that ends in pril is an ACE inhibitor, and I handed those little tablets to patients in paper cups for 31 years.

Lisinopril works.

I've seen it work on hundreds of charts, and I'm not going to sit here and pretend otherwise.

My reason was smaller than the drug.

I've watched people start on one pill and finish on 6.

Every addition made sense on the day it was made.

Then one afternoon you're standing at a med cart sorting a 74 year old woman's morning into 4 little plastic cups, and she can't tell you what a single one of them does.

I was 63 and I was standing at the front end of that.

And I was not going to become one more chart.

So I asked him for 90 days.

He didn't like it.

"Ninety days is a long time to sit at 154," he said.

I told him I'd bring him back something better than my word.

He wrote "patient declines addition of second agent, will re evaluate" in the note, and then he told me to call the office if I got a headache that wouldn't quit or any change in my vision.

He was right to worry about me.

I've read a lot of stories like this one where the doctor gets to be the fool, and mine wasn't.

Nurses have one reflex and it never leaves you.

When something matters, you chart it.

I drove into town to the pharmacy and bought an upper arm cuff for $34.

I bought the upper arm kind on purpose, because the wrist ones drift.

Then I bought a composition notebook for $1.29 and wrote the date on the first line.

Same chair every morning, the one with the cracked seat.

Feet flat, back supported, arm at heart level, 5 minutes of sitting still before I touched the coffee.

I took 2 readings, a minute apart, and I wrote both of them down.

That notebook is the whole rest of this story.

Out there I had my evenings back, because there was nobody to feed, so I read.

And what I kept circling was a question I'd never asked in 31 years of handing out those paper cups.

What is that enzyme actually doing.

Angiotensin converting enzyme is the switch that tightens your blood vessels.

Lisinopril blocks that switch and jams it open, the vessels stay loose, and the number on the cuff comes down.

That's a real thing and it has saved real people.

But blocking a switch and repairing the vessel underneath it are two separate jobs.

The nurse version of this is a dressing change.

We had patients whose dressings came off clean twice a day for months, and the wound underneath stayed the same size the whole time.

The dressing did its job perfectly, every time.

What closed those wounds was getting underneath them.

Underneath a blood pressure number there's a lining.

It's one cell thick.

It runs the entire inside of every vessel you have.

Its job is to make nitric oxide, which is the signal that tells a vessel to relax.

The word for it is endothelium.

When that lining gets worn down it makes less nitric oxide, and the vessel stops relaxing on its own.

So the pressure climbs, and you take something that forces it back down, and the lining keeps right on wearing.

What wears it is oxidation.

It's like tubing that's carried something harsh for years.

You can still run fluid through it, but the wall itself goes stiff and scarred, and it quits behaving.

Then I found the study that stopped me cold.

It ran in a journal called Atherosclerosis.

They took patients with high blood pressure and gave them 50 milliliters of pomegranate juice a day, which is about 2 ounces, for 2 weeks.

Serum ACE activity dropped 36%.

Systolic pressure came down around 5%.

I read that first number 3 times.

Same enzyme.

The exact same enzyme the pill I'd refused was aimed at.

Lisinopril jams the switch from the outside.

The punicalagins in that fruit go after the lining itself.

When the lining comes back, the vessel relaxes without being told to.

The enzyme is what a lab can measure in 2 weeks.

The lining underneath it is where I think the real work happens, and no study handed me a number for that.

Then I went looking for whether it held up across more than one study, because one trial is a story and I wanted arithmetic.

There's a pooled analysis of 22 clinical trials.

Averaged across all of them, roughly 8 points off the top number and about 3 off the bottom one.

And here's the line that mattered most to a woman sitting at 154.

The higher a person started, the bigger their drop.

Now here's the part where I have to be straight with you, because if I skip it you'll find it on your own and stop trusting me.

Every one of those studies ran on juice.

Bottled pomegranate juice, right off a grocery shelf.

And juice is the clumsiest way there is to take this compound.

An 8 ounce glass carries about 30 grams of sugar, which for a woman with a pressure problem is its own problem.

It's pasteurized, which means heated, and heat is hard on the very compounds you're paying for.

And the biggest problem is the peel.

The punicalagins are concentrated in the peel, at roughly 120 milligrams a gram.

The peel is the part the juice plants press and drop in a bin.

So the strongest part of a pomegranate is the part nobody drinks.

And those trials still pulled 36% off an enzyme and points off a systolic number, using the sweetest and most heat beaten version of the thing.

That's what sold me on the compound.

It's also why I stopped looking in the juice aisle.

I did try the juice first, of course I did, because it's $6 a bottle and it's right there.

The bottle calls 8 ounces a serving, and I wasn't going to stand there measuring out 2 ounces of it every morning for 90 days.

I drank 8 ounces every morning for 17 days and I charted every one of them.

What I charted was 30 grams of sugar going down before 7 in the morning.

By 10:30 I'd get that flat drop where you want to sit down.
I never put a meter on it.

So I'll call it what it felt like and leave it there.

17 days isn't a clinical trial and I know that.

But I quit that glass before the log could ever answer me, because I wasn't willing to drink the sugar long enough to find out.

So I went looking for the same compound without the glass of sugar.

Standardized extract, made from the peel, where the punicalagins actually live.

No heat processing anywhere in it, so what's printed on the label is what's in the capsule.

That's where I landed on Alevia Pomegranate Extract.

That's 2 capsules every morning, same chair, same notebook.

I started on a Tuesday in March and wrote the date at the top of a clean page.

Week 1, nothing.

152 over 91 on Monday, 153 over 92 on Thursday, same as always.

Week 2, nothing you could photograph.

151 over 90, then 152 over 91, then back down to 150.

For somebody who charted for a living, those 2 weeks felt stupid.

Week 3 is where I first wrote something in the margin.

149 over 89, twice in a row.

I knew 2 readings wasn't a trend, and I wrote it down anyway.

Week 4, the weekly average came out at 145 over 88.

That was the first week the average moved more than the noise did.

Week 5, 142 over 87.

And the mornings changed around in there, which I noticed a while before I trusted it.

I used to wake up with my head feeling tight, like the pressure of a cuff that hasn't finished releasing.

That stopped somewhere in week 5, and I didn't clock it for days, the way you don't hear a noise until it's gone.

Week 6, 138 over 86, and my resting pulse read 74, down from the 78 I'd started at.

Week 7, 134 over 85.

Week 8, 131 over 84, pulse 71.

I don't know that the pulse had anything to do with any of this.

I wrote it down because that's what the log is for.

There's one more thing in that log, and it's what makes the rest of it worth anything.

I never took the increase.

And I never stopped the water pill either, one tablet every single morning, exactly the way it was written 7 years ago.

Nothing about my prescriptions changed across those 8 weeks.

The only new thing on that counter was 2 capsules.

There's a woman out at Kettle Lake named Bev Tolliver.

She's 68, she did labor and delivery for 29 years, and neither of us is impressed by much.

She saw the notebook on my porch table in March and asked what I was tracking.

I told her.

"Half of what my patients swore by was expensive urine," she said.

I told her I agreed with her, and that I had every morning since February sitting right there if she wanted to read them.

She read them.

Then she went and bought herself a cuff.

Bev started at 147 over 90.

By her week 9 she was at 128 over 82.

She called me from her kitchen to tell me, and the first thing out of her mouth was, "Well, damn."

If you want to look at the same extract Bev and I are taking, it's here.

https://alevia.com/pom/56

I went back to Dr. Amato in May, on the 90th day, with the notebook.

I set it on his desk and I didn't say anything, because the chart should talk first.

He read it.

He turned pages and read all 8 weeks.

Then he went back to the front and read the first 2 again.

"Did you change your salt?" he asked.

I told him my salt was the same, and my weight was down 4 pounds, which isn't enough to do this.

"Are you walking more?"

I told him I walk the same 2 miles I've walked for 20 years.

Then I told him about the peel extract, and the 36% enzyme study, and the fact that I'd stayed on the water pill and never touched the lisinopril.

He was quiet for a second.

"I wish more people brought me this," he said, and he tapped the notebook.

"The supplement, I don't know. This I know."

Then he said the sentence I'd driven 90 days toward.

"We're not adding anything today."

He wrote it in the note.

He also told me to keep logging and come back in 3 months, and that if the number climbed we'd be having the lisinopril conversation again.

Which is fair, and it's what a good doctor does.

Craig drove out to Kettle Lake on the first Sunday in June.

He came alone, and he didn't say why.

He stood in Arlene's kitchen doorway with his hands in his pockets, the way he used to stand when he'd broken something.

I had nothing to hand him.

There was no dinner going and the washer was empty.

He looked at the fridge, where the notebook pages I'd torn out were taped up in 2 columns.

"What is all this?"

I told him it was my blood pressure.

He read the last column for a long time.

"Mom, why didn't you tell me you were dealing with this?"

And I said the truest thing I've said in 3 years.

"Because you were only ever going to hear that I couldn't manage."

He didn't have an answer for that.

He stayed 4 hours and we didn't fix anything.

But here's what I noticed after he drove off.

I'd sat on that porch for 4 hours and I hadn't stood up once to fetch anybody anything.

For 31 years I measured myself by what I was carrying.

That Sunday I was carrying nothing at all, and the woman on that porch was still every bit of me.

Brookhaven Terrace hasn't come up again.
I didn't win that.

Nobody won it.

It just stopped being the question in the room.

Here's what I'd tell you, if you're the one whose family has started making decisions in the other room.

Go get a number of your own.

A decent upper arm cuff runs about $35 at any pharmacy, and nobody has to write you a referral for it.

Pick one chair.

Sit in it every morning before coffee, feet flat, back supported, arm at heart level, 5 minutes still, then 2 readings a minute apart.

Write both down with the date.

Do that for 8 weeks.

That's the whole protocol, and it costs you about $36 with the notebook and about 8 minutes a day.

Here are the numbers so you have something to hold yours against.

154 over 92 is where I sat in Dr. Amato's office in February.

131 over 84 was my week 8 morning average, with my prescriptions unchanged.

Bev started at 147 over 90 and was reading 128 over 82 by her week 9.

That's 23 points off the top of my number and 19 off the top of hers, against a pooled average of about 8, and I know how that reads.

The only 2 things I can point at are how high I started and the form I took it in.

Your log is going to be your log, and I can't promise you mine.

What I can tell you is what's inside the capsule and why it's that form.

Standardized pomegranate peel extract, 2 capsules every morning.

The punicalagins come out of the peel, where they sit at roughly 120 milligrams a gram, and nothing gets heat processed on the way in, so the label and the capsule say the same thing.

And the deal is fair.

Take it for 90 days and keep your log.

If your log hasn't moved, you send it back and you're out nothing.

90 days, every dollar back, no questions asked.

You'll still have a month of the guarantee left when the 8 weeks are up.

The log decides it, and the log is yours.

It's made in small batches and it does sell out, which is what happens when a company skips the heat processing that lets everybody else run big.

Order it here.

https://alevia.com/pom/56

P.S.

I still have the suitcase.

It's on the top shelf of Arlene's closet, still packed.

I keep meaning to empty it, and I keep leaving it, because some mornings I like walking past it.

90 days, full refund, no questions asked, and the only evidence anybody needs is a notebook sitting on your own counter.

2 capsules every morning, and one chair you sit in before the coffee.

Small batches, and when a run is gone it's gone until the next one.

That study took 50 milliliters of the clumsiest form of this fruit and pulled 36% off an enzyme in 2 weeks.

This is the concentrated peel, and I've got 8 weeks of mornings that say something happened.

Go get your own 8 weeks.

https://alevia.com/pom/56


{"id": "facebook_1709619140370075", "days": 59, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/2ff16487ac3a50c7251d02896af80cfa5b7794c9d8a0b9af741bf23cf70cb6ab.jpg"}, "landing": "https://alevia.com/products/pomegranate-56"}
There is a blood pressure cuff in the cupboard over my microwave and it's still wrapped in plastic.

I bought it a year ago last January.

It cost me sixty dollars, which in my shop is a color and a cut.

It's a good one.

I asked the pharmacist which one the doctors use and bought that one, because if I was going to do this I'd do it right.

That cupboard is where I keep the good coffee.

So every morning for fourteen months I've lifted that box out of the way, made my coffee, and put it back.

Fourteen months.

I've never taken the plastic off.

Let me say one thing plainly, because I think some women reading this will know exactly what I mean.

I'm not a woman who doesn't know she has high blood pressure.

I'm a woman who decided not to find out how bad it had gotten.

That is a completely different thing.

Not knowing is a strategy.

It's a bad one, and I knew it, and I ran it anyway for fourteen months.

Because as long as the box stayed shut, the number was whatever I said it was.

And it works.

That's the part nobody tells you.

It works right up until it doesn't.

I'm fifty seven.

I've been cutting hair since I was nineteen, so that's thirty eight years, and I've owned my own shop for twenty two of them.

The reason I bought the cuff is that I was at the pharmacy picking up my sister in law's allergy pills, and there was one of those machines by the wall, the kind with the sleeve you shove your arm into.

I sat down in it because I was waiting anyway.

It read 151 over 94.

I sat there with my arm still in that sleeve and I remember thinking the machine was probably wrong and I'd check it properly at home.

I bought the cuff on my way out.

I got home, I put it in the cupboard, and I never mentioned it to anybody.

Here is what I did instead of opening it.

I rescheduled a life insurance physical twice and then let the whole application lapse.

My sister in law is a home health aide and she offered to check me at Thanksgiving with her own cuff, in her own kitchen, and I told her I'd already had it done that spring.

I hadn't.

I lied to a woman offering me help, in her house, over a plate of food.

Seven years ago a doctor told me my pressure was running a little high and that we would keep an eye on it.

Keeping an eye on it was his idea, not mine.

I never went back.

What I did instead was buy things.

I had a shelf of beetroot powder and magnesium and fish oil and a bottle of nattokinase my sister in law swears by, and I took most of it most days for two years.

Taking something felt like doing something.

And it let me keep the box shut.

Now here's the list I had explanations for.

The headache at the back of my head three or four mornings a week, which I'd been calling a tension headache since 2019.

The landing outside my apartment, where I'd started stopping halfway up to dig in my purse like I was hunting for my keys, when really I was catching my breath where nobody could see me.

I had a reason for both of those.

Age, and the stairs.

Not one of my reasons was blood pressure.

That's how good the strategy is.

In March, Rosalind's daughter called the shop to cancel.

Rosalind's been coming to me the third Friday of the month for nineteen years.

She's sixty one.

She likes it short in the back, off her collar.

Her daughter said her mother had a stroke on a Tuesday, standing at her own kitchen sink, and that she was alive.

She said the right arm isn't working.

Rosalind is right handed.

She can't hold a brush.

Her daughter washes her mother's hair over the kitchen sink now, and she can't get it right, and it makes them both cry.

Then I asked the question I probably shouldn't have.

I asked whether Rosalind's blood pressure had been high.

Her daughter said no.

Her mother had been on lisinopril for nine years and never missed a morning.

The last reading in her chart was 130 over 84, and her doctor had told her she was doing everything right.

I hung up and stood in the back of my shop holding a wet towel for ten minutes.

Because I couldn't get past one thing.

Rosalind's number was better than mine.

Rosalind did every single thing I'd spent fourteen months refusing to do.

She went.

She took the pill.

She kept her number down for nine years.

And her daughter washes her hair over a kitchen sink.

I closed early that day and I drove home.

And I didn't open the box that night either.

Even after that phone call, it took me four more days.

On the fifth morning I woke at twenty to six and knew I wasn't going back to sleep.

I took the box down and cut the plastic off it with my shears, which cost more than the cuff and which you're never supposed to put near anything but hair.

I sat down in my robe at the kitchen table and read the instruction sheet twice, slow, like it might offer me a way out.

Then I fed my left arm into it and thumbed the button.

For fourteen months I'd told myself it was probably about 145.

I'd built an entire life on 145.

145 is not great.

Nobody calls it an emergency.

It's the number you deal with when things slow down.

It read 159 over 99.

There's a little bar on the side of those screens that tells you which category you're in.

Mine climbed all the way to the top and turned red.

I sat very still and then I did it again on my other arm, because I've had enough pharmacists tell me that's what you do.

157 over 98.

So it wasn't the machine.

It was me, the whole time, in a cupboard, in front of the good coffee, for fourteen months.

I got in with a doctor eleven days later.

He was young and kind and he took it himself, twice, and got what I got.

He used the words stage two.

He wrote me a prescription for lisinopril, ten milligrams, and said if that hadn't moved things in three months we'd add a water pill on top of it.

I took the slip of paper.

I folded it and put it in my purse.

I've never filled it, and I'll tell you exactly why, and it has nothing to do with being brave.

Rosalind took lisinopril for nine years.

Nine years, every morning, never missed one, with a doctor who was proud of her.

And she can't hold a brush.

Lisinopril, Enalapril, Ramipril.

They all end the same way and they all do the same thing.

And whatever that thing is, it wasn't enough to keep a sixty one year old woman's right arm working.

So I didn't fill it.

I went and found out what the pill was actually doing instead.

Now, I'm a hairdresser.

I don't have any letters after my name and I won't pretend to you that I do.

Here's what I do have.

Thirty eight years of standing behind a chair while people explain their jobs to me.

I've had two cardiologists in that chair, a pharmacist who talks the whole appointment, and a woman who runs a dialysis clinic.

Three decades of listening to people describe how bodies come apart, and I never turned a word of it on myself.

So I read.

I read on my phone between clients for three weeks, and what I found made me angrier than I've been in years.

Because none of it is hidden.

It's published, it's public, and not one word of it came with the slip in my purse.

Here's the thing nobody told me.

Your arteries are not pipes.

They're alive.

The inside of every one of them is coated with a living layer, a lining, and that lining isn't decoration.

It has a job.

That lining makes a thing called nitric oxide.

It's the lining's way of telling the vessel to ease off and open up so the blood can come through.

Healthy lining, steady message, loose vessel, easy flow.

It's been doing that quietly for you since the day you were born, every second, without ever asking you to notice.

Now here's what wrecks it.

Free radicals.

They're unstable little molecules and they come from everything.

From sugar, from stress, from smoke, from the years themselves.

They land on that lining and they eat at it.

They corrode it.

And I have to stop right here, because right about here it quit being an article for me and got personal.

I've spent thirty eight years using oxidation on purpose.

Every color I've mixed, every lightener I've weighed out on that counter, works by oxidizing.

That is the trade.

So nobody has to explain to me what oxidation does to a surface, because I do it to hair for a living.

It cracks things open and eats the outside.

It takes something smooth and leaves it rough, and once a thing is rough it can't hold onto anything anymore.

I've done exactly that to other people's hair for thirty eight years and it never occurred to me to wonder what it was doing inside of me.

A corroded lining quits making nitric oxide.

No message, no loosening.

The vessel stays clamped.

Blood has to bull its way through a channel narrower than it ought to be, so your heart pushes harder.

That's what a high number actually is.

A lining that stopped doing its one job.

And it gets worse on its own, with no help from you.

Because harder blood over a raw surface roughs that surface up worse.

The rougher it gets, the less of that message it can make.

Less message, tighter vessel.

Tighter vessel, harder shove, and every shove strips the lining rawer still.

Round and round, feeding itself.

It had been running in me for years, nudging my number up another notch, and I called that getting older.

So then what is the pill actually doing.

There's a client who comes in with hair she's wrecked at home.

Box bleach, three rounds in one year, over a bathroom sink.

Her hair is rough and porous and it won't hold a curl for twenty minutes.

Now, I can make that look fixed by four this afternoon.

I lay a gloss over it that fills the gaps and flattens the surface right down, and she walks out shining under my lights, looking like a woman with beautiful hair.

And by Thursday it's straw again.

Because I didn't repair one thing.

I coated it.

That is what your blood pressure pill is doing.

Lisinopril pries the vessel open with chemistry.

It never lays a finger on the lining.

The lining is still raw, still corroding, still not making that message, and every heartbeat is still dragging blood across it.

The reading on the cuff drops and the damage underneath keeps right on going.

That's why nobody ever gets to stop taking it.

It's also why the dose creeps up, and why the second pill turns up three years later.

The drug was managing my number.

It was never going to repair my lining.

And Rosalind's number was managed beautifully for nine years.

Now, back to that shelf in my kitchen.

Beetroot hands you the message ready made, borrowed from outside your body.

You get a few good hours out of it and then it clocks out.

Your lining still can't make its own, because you never fixed the thing that makes it.

It's rented, and it goes home at night.

Nattokinase makes the blood itself thinner so it slips through with less of a fight.

That's real, and it isn't nothing.

But it's fussing with what's inside the vessel.

It never lays a hand on the vessel wall itself.

Magnesium loosens the muscle wrapped around the outside.

Outside.

The damage is on the inside.

Fish oil calms down inflammation floating in the blood.

It can't rebuild a surface that's already been eaten.

Every single thing on my shelf was working around the lining.

Not one of them was working on it.

That was sixty dollars a month for two years, doing everything except the one thing that mattered.

Which brings me to the one I laughed at.

Pomegranate.

I'll be straight about my first reaction, because you're about to have the same one.

I laughed out loud.

I've rolled my cart past that cold case a thousand times without slowing down.

Nine dollars for a bottle of red pomegranate juice with a little cartoon heart on the front, parked between the coconut water and the cold brew.

I had pomegranate filed in the same drawer as celery juice and every other thing a woman on the internet has ever promised me.

And I was right to laugh at that bottle.

I was wrong about the fruit.

The line between those two things turns out to be the whole story, so stay with me.

Pomegranate is loaded with something called punicalagins.

They're the strongest antioxidant in the fruit, and the only reason anybody in a white coat ever aimed a study at it.

And plenty of people have.

There are twenty two randomized controlled trials behind pomegranate and pressure.

Not surveys.

Not mice.

Human beings, run the same careful way they run the trials on drugs.

Stack all twenty two together and the top number fell by almost eight points.

The bottom number came down about three.

Eight points is the whole gap between a doctor writing you a script and a doctor waving you off till next year.

Then I hit the sentence that made me set my phone face down on the counter.

The ones who walked in with the worst numbers got the biggest drop.

Not fit people trimming a point off a good reading.

Women sitting at 159 over 99 at a kitchen table at six in the morning.

Me.

Now I'm going to level with you about those trials, because I'd rather you hear it from me than dig it up yourself and figure I hid it.

Most of them used juice.

Hang onto that, because I'm coming back to it, and it turns out to be the single most important thing I found in three weeks of reading.

Here's what the punicalagins actually do.

They go after those free radicals.

Not floating in the blood, like the fish oil.

Not out around the muscle, like the magnesium.

Right on the lining, where the eating is happening.

They knock them out, and the attack stops.

And once the attack stops, living tissue does what living tissue does.

It heals.

A burn heals up once you take your hand off the stove.

Hair comes back once you quit bleaching it.

That lining rebuilds once you stop letting it get eaten alive.

And a healed lining picks its old job right back up.

It starts making that message again, by itself, exactly like it used to back when you were thirty and never thought about your arteries.

The vessel loosens because the lining told it to, not because a chemical wrenched it open.

Blood rolls through without a fight.

Your heart quits shoving.

The pressure comes off the lining, so the lining stops getting stripped, so it keeps on healing.

The wheel that had been spinning against you for years finally starts turning the other way.

And then I hit the one fact that sat me down on my own kitchen floor.

Lisinopril belongs to a family they call ACE inhibitors.

ACE is an enzyme you make, and when it's switched on it cinches your vessels down tighter.

Blocking that one enzyme is the entire drug.

That's it.

That's what the slip of paper in my purse was for.

Back in 2001, in a journal called Atherosclerosis, two researchers named Aviram and Dornfeld gave pomegranate to people with high blood pressure.

Fifty milliliters a day.

Two weeks.

Their serum ACE activity dropped by thirty six percent.

Thirty six percent.

The very same enzyme.

The exact enzyme lisinopril and every pill that ends in pril was invented to shut down.

Their top number came down five percent right alongside it.

And in the dish, the more of it they used, the harder the enzyme shut down, thirty one percent, climbing with the dose.

I read it four times.

So the fruit I'd snorted at in the cold case and the pill I wouldn't fill are swinging at the exact same thing.

They don't go at it the same way, though, and that difference is the whole ballgame.

The pill jams the enzyme and then it's finished with you, and it leaves the lining raw and corroding.

That is precisely why Rosalind's chart looked so pretty for nine years while her arteries came apart underneath it.

The punicalagins work on the lining itself.

The lining is the thing that makes the message.

The message is the thing that opens the vessel, morning and night, with nobody forcing a thing.

Same target, two completely different jobs.

One knocks the number down and leaves the wreck.

The other clears the wreck and lets the number fall on its own.

Now, I made you a promise a minute ago, and here it is.

The juice.

I'd been right about the juice all along, and if you ever wrote pomegranate off, so were you.

One glass of that store juice can run you past thirty grams of sugar.

Now think back to what I just said about free radicals.

Sugar is one of the things gnawing on that lining in the first place.

So you'd be pouring the repair and the wrecking ball out of the very same bottle.

And the juice hardly carries any of the good stuff to begin with.

Punicalagins are delicate.

Every bottle in that cold case has been cooked in pasteurizing, and heat kills them.

Then it rides a truck and sits on a shelf for months, finishing off whatever survived.

The powders are worse yet.

They take the same trucked-in fruit and roast it dry under high heat until it's dust.

And heat is the exact thing that murders punicalagins.

You're paying good money for pink powder that does nothing.

Even the whole fruit is a letdown.

The grocery kind is grown in tired dirt and yanked off early so it won't bruise on the drive.

And then I read the part that got a laugh out of me, out loud, alone at my own table.

Almost all the punicalagins hide in the peel.

As much as a hundred and twenty milligrams packed into a single gram of that rind.

The tough, sour skin nobody in their right mind chews.

The exact part the juice makers slice off and throw in the garbage.

They dump the part that works and they bottle the part that hurts.

So the doubt I'd carried around wasn't stupid.

I'd just aimed it at the wrong target.

I'd thrown out a whole compound because the only way I'd ever met it was the cheapest, sweetest, most heat wrecked form on the shelf.

What I went hunting for was a real extract.

Organic, so it isn't scraped out of dead soil.

Standardized, so the milligrams on the label are the milligrams in the capsule and not a hope.

Tested by an outside lab that doesn't cash the company's checks.

And made cool, low temperature the whole way through, so the punicalagins are still alive by the time they reach me.

The one I landed on is Alevia's Organic Pomegranate Extract.

Seven hundred milligrams of punicalagins in a serving.

It's the rind, not the sugar.

And now I'll say the honest part, because I told you I would.

Those twenty two trials used juice.

So did the study on the enzyme.

Nobody has run a trial on the exact bottle in my cupboard, and I won't stand here pretending they have.

Here's what I can tell you.

If that compound moved people's numbers even when it showed up in the worst form on the shelf, drowned in sugar and cooked half to death, then I wanted it delivered in the best form there is.

That was the bet I made.

And I made it with a blood pressure cuff sitting on my counter, which meant I'd find out either way.

You cannot lie to it.

https://alevia.com/pom/56

I'll tell you what the first two weeks were like, because I don't want you ordering this and waiting for fireworks.

There weren't any.

It isn't a stimulant.

You swallow it with your coffee and go open your shop.

Near the end of the second week I noticed I wasn't sitting down as much.

That stool behind my chair had gone from a bad-knee-day thing to an every-day thing, and I'd stopped clocking it.

I clocked it when I stopped reaching for it.

That was the whole show, for two weeks.

But this time I had something I never had before.

I had the cuff.

That cuff came out of the box in March and it has never gone back in.

It sits on my counter next to the coffee now, in the spot the box used to live.

I took my number every Sunday morning before coffee, sitting down, feet flat, and wrote it in the back of my appointment book, where everything in my life gets written.

Week one, 159 over 99.

That's where I started.

Week three, 153 over 95.

I told myself that was the machine.

Week six, 143 over 91.

That wasn't the machine.

Week nine, 135 over 86.

I ran it three times that morning to be sure.

Week twelve, 128 over 82.

I sat there in my robe and stared at those two numbers longer than I'd like to admit.

Now, I know what some of you are thinking, because I thought it too, sitting right there.

128 over 82 is a number a woman on lisinopril could show you.

It's about what Rosalind's doctor was so pleased with.

So what's the difference.

The difference is what's sitting underneath it.

Rosalind's number was held down by a chemical while the lining behind it kept getting eaten alive.

Mine came down because the lining stopped getting eaten.

Same reading on the screen.

Two completely different sets of arteries.

That is the part nobody explained to me for seven years, and it's the only piece that decides how any of this actually ends.

I went back to the doctor at thirteen weeks and I brought the appointment book.

He took my pressure himself before he looked at anything.

129 over 83 on his machine.

He asked me what dose I'd settled on.

I told him I never filled it.

He looked at me for a second, then asked to see the book.

He read the whole column.

He asked twice whether I'd changed anything else, and I told him the truth, that I eat the way I always have and I still can't make myself walk in the mornings.

Then he asked me to spell the name of it for him.

He jotted the name onto one of his own cards and tucked it into his shirt pocket.

In March that man handed me a slip of paper.

In June he asked me to spell something for him.

I've told my clients, the ones my age.

I don't make a speech about it.

I take my blood pressure at the front counter while they're under the dryer, they ask what I'm doing, and I tell them.

Four of them have gone out and bought a cuff.

Two of them are taking the extract.

I don't know their numbers yet, and I won't invent any for you.

The only numbers I've got are mine, and they're in the back of an appointment book in my own handwriting, and you're welcome to come in and look at them.

Rosalind's daughter brings her to the shop on Fridays now.

I wash her hair for her over the bowl and I don't charge her for it and I never will.

She's getting some of her right hand back.

And I take my blood pressure at that counter while she's under the dryer, and I make sure she watches me do it.

She knows exactly why.

So here's what I'd tell you if you sat in my chair.

Go buy a cuff.

I don't sell them, I don't make a dime off them, and a decent one's about thirty dollars.

Take it in the morning, before your coffee, sitting down, feet flat.

Write it somewhere you'll see it.

You'll want to know it and not want to know it at the same time.

I understand that better than anybody breathing.

Do it anyway.

The number in the box is almost always worse than the number in your head.

Mine was.

And I'd give a year of my life to have known that fourteen months sooner, because that's fourteen months of my lining getting chewed up for nothing, in a cupboard, behind the coffee.

Then start taking it.

Alevia's Organic Pomegranate Extract.

Seven hundred milligrams of punicalagins, every morning, with water.

And here's the only reason I'm comfortable telling you to do any of this.

Alevia gives you ninety days.

Take the whole supply, every capsule, and keep taking your own number the whole way through.

If your numbers haven't budged, you email them and you get every dollar back.

You don't mail back empty bottles.

You just have to have the numbers.

That's a company betting its own money on your cuff.

In thirty eight years I've never heard of a drug company refunding you because their pill didn't work.

They make it in small batches so the punicalagins survive, so they run out.

Go see whether they've got any.

https://alevia.com/pom/56

There's a cupboard in my kitchen over the microwave.

There's nothing in it now but coffee.

The cuff sits on the counter where I can see it, and the box went in the bin behind my shop fourteen months late.

You already know, more or less, what your number is.

That's the reason you haven't looked.

Look.

~ Denise K., 57, hairdresser, thirty eight years behind the chair
