I am down 40 pounds on Ozempic. No more sulfur burps, no more bloating. I haven't missed a bowel movement in three months. And it is all because my GI doctor told me to throw up everything in my medicine cabinet basically and start doing this instead. Four months ago, I was down 28 pounds on my GLP-1 and I should have been celebrating. Instead, I hadn't been to the bathroom in five days. I was so bloated. I looked pregnant and the sulfur burps were so bad. My grandkids were keeping their distance and I was completely miserable. My doctor told me to drink more water and take Miralax. Well, that advice existed long before Ozempic did. So I did what most of us do. I went on Amazon, bought the top rated fiber supplement and a GLP-1 vitamin. Probiotics, nothing worked. I was seriously thinking about stopping my shots. Then I found out something I did not know. GLP-1 medications slow your gut down by 50%. That is part of how they work. So everything I was taking was basically fighting my medication. Well, no wonder nothing was moving. And those Amazon supplements? Well, I started flipping over the bottles and most of them had 25 milligrams of magnesium. And you actually need 10 times that. The entire category was formulated for a normal gut, not one that's been slowed down by GLP-1. It was never going to work. Well, that is when I found this GLP-1 SOS, 250 milligrams of clinically studied magnesium that gently gets things moving without cramping or forcing. And it has ginger to help your stomach catch up. A 19 strain probiotic plus B12 iron and ashwagandha for the fatigue and the brain fog. Two capsules with dinner. Day one, I went. Sulfur burps were gone by day two. By week three, I was buttoning pants on Friday that fit like they did on Monday. And I didn't quit my shots. I'm down another 12 pounds and my grandkids hugged me again. 55,000 people on a GLP-1 take this every day. And there's a 60-day money back guarantee. So if it doesn't work, you get every dollar back. Now, fair warning, they sell out constantly because they just won't cut corners on doses. Go to GLP-1SOS.com. And if these are in stock, you better grab them.