{"id": "facebook_1566922598259132", "days": 17, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/81e7ba3b3b0f242deb85f6b10dff72bc583727e822bc08acec423441dba62f1c.jpg"}, "landing": "https://tryelvera.com/pages/real-constipation-solution"}
My best friend's mother died from complications of chronic constipation.

She had been dealing with it for years.

Nobody tells us this can happen.

Helen was 74. She had lived in an assisted living facility for the last three years of her life. The staff kept calling her constipation "a normal part of aging." So did her doctor.

And it hurts me to admit this.

But so did I. Her daughter's best friend since seventh grade, and I said the same thing everyone else said. "She'll be fine. It's common at her age."

Helen had been on MiraLAX daily for eleven years. When that stopped working, they added Dulcolax. When that stopped, they gave her a prescription her daughter Vera could never remember the name of. The doses kept going up. The intervals between movements kept getting longer.

Nobody in that facility ever asked why it was getting worse. They treated each episode as a separate problem and moved on to the next one.

Then one Tuesday, Helen did not respond when the nurse came in for morning vitals.

She had been impacted for days. Nobody had documented it. The impaction had caused a bowel perforation. By the time they got her to the hospital, the infection had already spread through her abdomen.

Sepsis. She lasted four days in the ICU.

Vera called me from the hospital parking lot at midnight. I could barely understand her through the crying.

I held her hand in the hallway outside the ICU at 4 AM on a Thursday while the monitors beeped and neither of us said anything.

Helen died that morning.

...

Then two years later, four years into my own menopause, my bowels started going the same direction.

And nobody in my life, including me, connected it to what had happened to Helen.

...

I was 52 and I had been taking MiraLAX every morning for the past year and a half.

My GI doctor called it normal. "Common for women our age. We manage it."

I believed her. Because Helen's doctor had said the same thing. And because I was still carrying the weight of watching my best friend lose her mother and I did not have the energy to push back on a doctor telling me not to worry.

Then last March, on the third week of a MiraLAX dose that had already been doubled, I started feeling off.

I had not gone in eight days. The cramping started on a Friday night. A dull constant pressure low in my abdomen that would not let up. My husband asked me if I wanted to go to urgent care and I waved him off because I had been through this cycle too many times to count.

Take the extra dose. Drink the water. Wait it out. That was the drill.

But by Sunday night the pain had shifted. Sharper. Deeper. I was sweating and shivering at the same time. I could not sit still and I could not lie down.

He put me in the car and drove me to the ER whether I wanted to go or not.

The CT showed fecal loading throughout my colon. Thinned walls. The ER doctor used the word "perforation risk" and called in a surgical consult.

The surgeon came in at 6 AM. She read the scan. She looked at me.

"If this happens again, we are talking about a colostomy."

Twelve hours from the same thing that killed Helen.

I spent three days in that hospital bed thinking about her.

About the phone calls from the facility that Vera had mentioned in passing. "Mom's backed up again, they're adjusting her dose." How many times had I heard that and said nothing? How many times had Vera told me about another medication change and I had nodded and moved on?

Helen had been on laxatives almost constantly for the last five years of her life.

I had assumed, like everyone around her, that this was what happened to women her age.

But lying in that hospital bed two years later, twenty-two years younger than Helen had been when she died, I realized we had all been wrong. The constipation was not random. It was not aging in the way we had been told. It was a symptom of something nobody had ever looked into.

And nobody was looking into mine either.

Six weeks after I was discharged, I found a doctor one town over who came recommended through a friend at church.

I booked the appointment because twelve hours from emergency surgery had a way of clarifying what was worth a co-pay.

Also because I kept seeing Helen's face in that hospital bed.

And I did not want Vera holding my hand the same way I had held hers.

Dr. Vogel was different from the start.

She did not look at her computer for the first fifteen minutes. She listened to me tell the whole story. The MiraLAX. The ER. The surgical consult. Helen.

When I finished, she did not reach for her prescription pad.

She pulled out a marker and drew three overlapping circles on the exam table paper.

"Your constipation is not random," she said quietly.

"Your colon stopped being able to move waste on its own years ago. And Helen's probably stopped a decade before that."

She called it the Slick Layer Collapse.

"Your colon moves waste along a thin, slick coating on the inside wall. Think of it like the coating on a factory conveyor belt. When the coating is intact, everything slides along. When the coating wears through, product piles up on the belt no matter how fast you run the motor."

She pointed to the first circle.

"The coating, your mucus layer, has thinned."

She pointed to the second.

"The bacteria that lived in that coating are gone. They are the ones that produce a compound called butyrate. Butyrate is the signal that tells your colon to squeeze."

She pointed to the third.

"The signal itself has gone quiet. Your colon is not broken. It has not forgotten how to work. It is waiting for a message that is no longer being sent."

She circled where all three overlapped.

"This is where you are living now. And laxatives do not fix any of it. They make it worse."

I asked her what she meant.

"MiraLAX pulls water into the pipe. That water washes through the mucus layer, thinning it further. It also flushes out the bacteria that were trying to hold on. Each scoop of MiraLAX strips a little more of the coating and a few more of the bacteria. Which is why your next bad spell comes sooner than the last one. And the one after that is worse. And so on, until something that used to be manageable nearly puts you on an operating table."

I thought about the eleven years of daily MiraLAX before Helen died.

Each scoop making the next episode more likely.

She had been in a cycle nobody was trying to stop.

I asked what had caused the coating to thin in the first place.

"This is the part that is hard to hear," she said. "Researchers found that in animal studies, oral exposure to polystyrene microplastics caused constipation directly. Decreased motility. Thinned mucus layers. Suppressed the genes that build the coating in the first place."

She paused.

"You know those plastic containers we've all been microwaving leftovers in for thirty years? Nobody did anything wrong. Everyone was living the same way."

"Nobody has proven this happens in your colon specifically. What has been proven is that your colon looks exactly like a colon that this happened to."

"So what actually fixes it?" I asked.

She leaned back.

"Rebuilding all three systems at once. The coating. The bacteria. The signal. You cannot fix one without fixing the others. Most women never break the cycle because they address one piece at a time. MiraLAX for the movement. A probiotic for the bacteria. Fiber for the bulk. None of them work alone because the housing for the bacteria does not exist anymore."

She wrote on her notepad.

"Black elderberry anthocyanins. Cold-extracted, never heated. The anthocyanins are the specific food that the butyrate-producing bacteria eat. When you feed them, they expand. When they expand, butyrate production restarts. The signal comes back."

"Zinc citrate for lining repair. Buffered vitamin C to support the mucosal barrier."

"Find something that has all three together. Not separately. The gummies at the drugstore are heat-processed and the anthocyanins are destroyed before they reach your gut."

I went home that night and opened my laptop.

Most supplements had one ingredient. Maybe two. The elderberry products were all gummies, cooked at high heat, with a fraction of the dose. The probiotics were generic strains with nothing to do with the mucus layer. Nothing combined all three.

I was about to give up when I found a Reddit thread about chronic constipation that had over 600 comments.

And halfway down the thread, a group of women were talking about the same thing.

One name kept coming up. A cold-extracted elderberry product that had the full clinical dose. One woman said she had been on MiraLAX for nine years and went on her own for the first time in week two. Another said her days-between went from six to one in a month. I kept scrolling and the same name kept appearing.

Elvera.

So I pulled up the ingredient panel.

Cold-extracted heirloom elderberry. Full clinical dose of anthocyanins. The exact compound Dr. Vogel had named.

Zinc citrate. Buffered vitamin C. Exactly what she had written down.

Everything she told me to find was in one capsule.

I sat there and did the math on what the last four years had cost me.

Eighteen months of MiraLAX at $26 a month. A year of Linzess at $45 a month with insurance. Four GI appointments at $180 each. The ER visit and three-day admission: $11,400 after insurance.

Over $13,000 treating a symptom nobody ever explained the cause of.

Elvera was $67.20 for three bottles.

I placed the order from my kitchen table at 10 PM on a Tuesday.

Day three. I noticed the constant low bloat I had been carrying as background noise for three years had started to ease. My abdomen felt quieter.

Day eight. I had a bowel movement without MiraLAX for the first time in over a year. It was not dramatic. I went to the bathroom in the morning and it happened. I stood there afterward and did not know what to do with myself.

Day fourteen. The point where my next bad spell should have arrived based on the old schedule.

Nothing happened.

I went on my own that morning. For the first time in I do not remember how long.

Day twenty-one. I slept through the night without the cramping that used to wake me at 3 AM.

Day forty-two. Another mark where a bad episode should have come. Still nothing. Still going every morning. On my own.

I went back to Dr. Vogel eight weeks later.

She ran a stool panel and looked up with a small nod.

"Your butyrate is 21.3. That is well within normal range. And your Akkermansia levels are higher than I would expect for someone who was undetectable two months ago."

I pulled the Elvera bottle out of my purse.

She nodded.

"That is exactly what I was hoping you would find."

Here is what I want every woman reading this to understand.

If you have been dealing with chronic constipation, you are not unlucky. You are not eating the wrong things. You are not drinking too little water.

Your colon has lost the coating it needs to move waste on its own. And every scoop of MiraLAX is making the next episode more likely, not less.

Laxatives force the movement this week. But they also strip the mucus and flush out the bacteria you have left. Which is why the next bad spell comes sooner. And the one after that is worse.

Your body needs the bacteria that produce the signal. Those bacteria need a coating to live in. And they need anthocyanins to eat. Elvera feeds them. Not with stimulants. Not with osmotic agents. With the specific food your gut bacteria need to rebuild the lining and help restore the signal on their own.

Fed, not forced.

I cannot change what happened to Helen. What I can do is address the upstream signal in my own body. And make sure the women around me know what she never got the chance to learn.

If your doctor keeps prescribing laxatives and calling chronic constipation "part of aging," they are treating the downstream symptom and ignoring the upstream cause. Helen died from that kind of care. I nearly did too.

Over 100,000 women are taking Elvera.

https://tryelvera.com

P.S. I visited Helen's grave last Sunday.

I brought the bottle of Elvera I had been taking. I do not know why exactly. It felt like she should see it.

I sat on the grass and told her what I had finally figured out. That her constipation had not been "normal." That the MiraLAX they kept giving her had made it worse, year after year, stripping the coating her bacteria needed to survive. That if we had known what was happening underneath, we could have asked different questions.

I told her I was sorry I had not asked more questions when it mattered.

Then I told her I had called Vera that morning. And my sister. And three friends from church. Everyone with a mother or a sister or a friend still taking MiraLAX every morning and being told it was fine.

"I am going to make sure nobody else's daughter has to go through what Vera went through," I said to the headstone.

Day fourteen. When the next bad spell should have come. Nothing. I went on my own that morning. For the first time in I do not remember how long.

And I finally felt like I was doing something to honor Helen instead of missing her.

Nina

https://tryelvera.com


{"id": "facebook_2186768292260858", "days": 1, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/73595e024b271e3eb3027ecd06e8ff66acf483fe81a82912cc60912224a96dbe.jpg"}, "landing": "https://tryelvera.com/pages/real-constipation-solution"}
I was on my knees on the bathroom floor of my own house at 6 AM with the flashlight on my phone and the empty MiraLAX packet I had used the night before, counting what was in the bottom of the toilet before my husband woke up.

Four.

Four hard little pellets. About the size of the wooden beads on the rosary my grandmother left me. That was what forty five minutes of straining had produced.

I wrote it in the notebook I kept under the sink.

August 3rd. 6:14 AM. Four pellets. Forty five minutes. Full scoop MiraLAX at 8 PM the night before. Two glasses of water. One small glass of prune juice.

I capped the pen. I turned off my phone flashlight. I flushed. I ran the sink so my husband would not hear me crying.

I was sixty four years old.

I had been a school librarian for thirty one years before I retired. I was in the Garden Club. I was the grandmother of four. I was not the kind of woman who sat on her bathroom floor at 6 AM with a phone flashlight and a bowel diary examining what her body could not do anymore.

But by that morning I had been on MiraLAX for eleven years.

Eleven years of the beige powder in the blue tub. One scoop at 8 PM, some nights two. Every night. For eleven years.

I had started at 53. My mother told me at Thanksgiving that year she was worried about how bloated I looked. I went to my GP the following week and he handed me a coupon. He said, "Sharon, this is what everyone your age uses. It's gentle. You can be on it forever."

I was on it forever.

At my last appointment three weeks before that August morning on the bathroom floor, my new GP, a woman younger than my own daughter, looked at my chart and said, "The MiraLAX isn't cutting it anymore. Let's try Linzess."

Linzess.

She said it the way you'd say Tylenol. Like it was nothing. Like it was a next step. Like she was not asking a 64 year old woman to start a prescription drug she'd take every morning for the rest of her life to replace a powder that had already stopped working after eleven years.

I did not fill the prescription.

I sat in my car in the parking lot of the CVS for twenty minutes with the paper in my lap and I could not do it.

I could not do another eleven years.

My name is Sharon. I live in a small town outside Rochester, New York. And I am going to tell you what happened in the four months after I sat in that CVS parking lot and refused to fill that prescription, including a phone call with a retired microbiome researcher named Frances who had spent thirty one years studying the exact thing my body had been trying to tell me for the last decade.

Because what happened to me is happening to millions of women over fifty in this country right now. And most of them are on year four, or year six, or year eleven, or year fourteen, of the same powder I was on, waiting for the powder to stop working, and then being handed a prescription that starts the next stage.

Nobody talks about what year fifteen looks like.

I am going to.

I was not always this woman.

At 45 I ran the middle school library. I hiked every weekend with my husband Kurt. I gardened. I read a book a week. I went to Zumba on Wednesdays.

The first thing that changed was around 51.

I noticed I was going less. Not every day anymore. Not even every other day. My mother had gone every morning of her life at 6:30 like clockwork. She used to say a woman who could not set her watch by her body was a woman with a problem.

I went to my GP. He said, "Bloating and irregularity are normal in perimenopause. Try MiraLAX. Drink more water."

I drank more water. I bought MiraLAX.

For about a year the powder worked. I would take a scoop before bed and I would go in the morning. Not the way I used to. But I would go.

Then it stopped working at one scoop. So I moved to two.

Then the two scoops stopped being enough. So I added Metamucil in the afternoons. Then Smooth Move tea at night. Then a Squatty Potty. Then prune juice at breakfast. Then magnesium citrate on Sundays as a reset.

I had a shelf in my pantry that my daughter Ashley called Mom's Corner. Big blue tub of MiraLAX. Tall orange jar of Metamucil. Two boxes of Smooth Move. A bottle of magnesium citrate. Prune juice. A tin of Ceylon cinnamon capsules I had bought off Amazon at midnight the summer before because a woman on a Facebook group swore by it.

I hid the receipt for the Ceylon cinnamon from Kurt.

That was the first time I hid something from my husband in forty one years of marriage.

It would not be the last.

By 55 I had gained twenty eight pounds.

I had not changed how I ate. I had actually been eating less. Nothing tasted good anymore. Everything felt heavy in the same way my belly felt heavy. I was carrying four or five days of stool in my lower gut at any given time, though I did not know that yet, and every fitted shirt in my closet had been shoved to the back.

I bought a size up in 2019. Then a size up again in 2021. I bought two identical pairs of dark blue jeans in each size so I could rotate them and nobody would notice they were bigger.

Kurt noticed.

He never said a word. That was almost worse than if he had.

I started skipping things.

Church potluck in the fall of 2020, because dinner at 6:30 meant a night on the toilet at 10 PM. I told our pastor's wife I had a migraine.

My grandson Tyler's baptism in 2021 was three hours from home and I could not sit through a service without knowing where the bathroom was and how fast I could get to it. I drove Kurt down and sat in the car during the service. I told my son I had food poisoning.

My granddaughter Whitney's first traveling soccer game last October. She was seven. She had asked me to come.

The field had a Porta Potty at the far end and a walking path back to the parking lot. I could not be more than thirty feet from a real bathroom by that point in my life without panicking, because a real bathroom meant privacy and time and a door I could lock and the ability to strain for however long it took without a seven year old wondering where Grandma had gone.

I told Ashley I was fighting off a cold.

Whitney scored her first goal that Saturday morning at 10:47 AM. Ashley sent me the video that night. I watched it from my bed. I had been on the toilet from 9:15 to 10:30 that morning.

I skipped my own granddaughter's first traveling league soccer game so I could sit on my toilet and strain.

That was the fall I started hiding the Amazon auto-refill for MiraLAX from Kurt's email.

He handled our Amazon account. Every order went to his inbox first. I went into his settings on his laptop while he was in the shower one morning and I changed the notification email for that one subscription to a Gmail address I set up just for that.

Sharon.rochester.b@gmail.com.

The B was for beige powder.

Nobody knew that address existed except me.

Every morning when Kurt asked me how it went, I said, "Fine, honey."

I said fine to him for eleven years.

Fine when I had gone one small piece.

Fine when I had gone nothing at all and had cried on the toilet for an hour.

Fine when I was writing four pellets in my notebook under the sink at 6:14 AM.

Fine. Fine. Fine.

I want to tell you about my sister Peggy.

Peggy was two years older than me. She died at 66. She had been on MiraLAX since her early forties. She had gone through the whole pipeline. MiraLAX, then Amitiza, then Linzess, then Motegrity. Then a bowel obstruction at 63 that took her to the ER in an ambulance. Then two more disimpactions. Then a colon cancer diagnosis at 65. Then dead within a year.

Her chart said IBS for twenty three years.

I sat at Peggy's funeral in November of the previous year knowing I was seven years behind her on the same road.

I was watching myself become her.

Ashley asked me at the graveside if I was okay. I said, "Fine, honey."

The night I did not fill the Linzess prescription, I got home and I opened my laptop after Kurt went to bed and I did what I had been afraid to do for eleven years.

I typed into the search bar: what does MiraLAX actually do long term.

I stayed up until 2 AM.

I read forums where women my age were writing what I had never allowed myself to write. Women in year eight, year twelve, year fifteen of the beige powder. Women whose bodies had stopped responding. Women whose new prescriptions were failing them too. Women who had been told by three different GIs the same three sentences I had been told.

One woman had written a longer post that I read four times.

She had been on the powder for fourteen years. Her doctor had moved her to Linzess. The Linzess had worked for eleven months. Then her doctor had moved her to Motegrity. That had worked for six months. Then she had ended up in the ER for disimpaction. Then a colorectal surgeon had told her at 61 that she was probably looking at a permanent colostomy bag.

Then, she wrote, a retired microbiome researcher named Frances had gotten on the phone with her and had explained something no doctor had ever told her.

The powder was not the helper. The powder was the problem. The powder had been the problem all along.

I clicked on her name in the comments.

She had left her email address for anyone who wanted to talk to her.

I emailed her at 2:14 AM.

Frances wrote back at 6 AM.

I called her that morning at 9. Kurt was at the hardware store.

Frances answered on the second ring. Her voice was steady and unhurried, like a woman who had nothing to prove and nowhere to be.

I told her my story. I told her about Peggy. I told her about the four pellets and the notebook and the Linzess prescription in the CVS parking lot. She listened for almost twenty minutes without interrupting.

When I finished she was quiet for a long moment.

Then she said, "Sharon. I spent thirty one years at a state university studying the bacterial colonies that live along the wall of the human colon. I recommended the powder to thousands of women through my consulting years because that was the protocol. My most compliant patients were my worst outcomes. I did not understand why until I ended up on the powder myself at fifty eight. Then I understood."

She paused.

"Do you want me to tell you what your body has been trying to tell you for eleven years?"

I said yes.

Here is what Frances told me.

There are two families of good bacteria that live in the wall of your colon. She named them for me and I wrote them down in my notebook while she talked, because I am a librarian and I write things down. Bifidobacteria. Faecalibacterium prausnitzii. Frances said them slowly.

Those bacteria have one job. They eat the deep purple pigment from dark berries and dark fruits. When they eat that pigment, they make a chemical called butyrate.

Butyrate is the pilot light on your colon muscle.

I want you to picture the pilot light on an old gas stove. Small blue flame. Always on. When you turn the burner, the pilot light lights the burner. When the pilot light goes out, you can turn that burner all day and nothing happens. The gas comes out. The gas goes nowhere. The stove sits cold.

That is what a colon muscle without butyrate is.

The muscle is not broken. The muscle is fine. The muscle is waiting for the pilot light to come back on.

MiraLAX does not light the pilot. MiraLAX pours a bucket of water through a cold stove. That is what a scoop of MiraLAX is. Water forced through a cold pipe. Nothing has been lit. Nothing has been signaled. The muscle has done nothing. The water has done the work, and the water has washed something else out on its way through.

The bacteria.

Every night of MiraLAX for eleven years had been quietly washing out the very colony whose job was to keep the pilot light lit. The powder was doing exactly what it said on the tub. It was pulling water into the colon. And it was pulling my bacterial colony out with it, one scoop at a time, for four thousand and fifteen nights.

By August of that year my colony was gone.

There was no pilot light.

The muscle sat cold in my abdomen waiting for a signal that had not come in years.

Linzess would not light it either. Linzess was a different kind of match struck on a cold stove. It would work for a while. Then it too would stop.

Motegrity next. Then the ER. Then Peggy's road.

I asked her what I could do.

Frances said, "You feed the bacteria back."

She said the dark purple pigment in heirloom elderberries is one of the highest concentrations of that pigment ever measured in a fruit. She said heirloom elderberries are the small dark ones with almost black skin, not the big cultivated blue ones you can find at the grocery store. She said cold extraction preserves the pigment because heat destroys it. She said her granddaughter had introduced her to a small company that makes a cold-extracted heirloom elderberry capsule with zinc citrate and buffered vitamin C.

She said the name was Elvera.

Two capsules with a glass of water in the morning.

That was it.

I asked her if that was really it.

She said, "Sharon. It took your body eleven years to get here. It is going to take some weeks. But the muscle is not broken. The pilot light will come back if you feed the bacteria that light it."

I ordered Elvera from https://tryelvera.com that afternoon.

I did not tell Kurt.

Here is what happened over the next four months.

Week 1. Two capsules with water at 7 AM. I kept taking my nightly scoop of MiraLAX because Frances had told me not to stop yet. She said, "Feed them first. Then wean off."

Nothing changed the first week. I wrote it in the notebook every morning. Four pellets. Forty two minutes. Two pellets. Fifty one minutes. Nothing. One hour ten.

Frances told me on the phone at day nine, "The bacteria are moving back in. They have not started making enough butyrate yet. Give them another week."

Week 2. I felt something on the morning of day fifteen that I had not felt in years. I felt an urge. Not the pressure that had ruled my life. An actual urge, from higher up. Like the way I used to feel at 6:30 AM at 47 years old before any of this began.

I got to the toilet. I sat down.

I went.

Not four pellets. Something whole. Something my body had done on the pilot light, not the water.

I sat on that toilet and I cried for twenty minutes. Quietly, because Kurt was in the kitchen.

Then I wrote it in the notebook.

Day 15. Whole. Ten minutes. Two capsules Elvera at 7 AM. Half scoop MiraLAX at 8 PM.

I had halved the scoop the night before because Frances had told me to start the wean.

Week 4. I was down to a quarter scoop of MiraLAX. Then a pinch. Then nothing. On the morning of day twenty eight I threw the big blue tub in the trash under the sink and I stood in the kitchen and I could not stop shaking.

Ashley called that afternoon. She said, "Mom, you sound different."

I said, "Fine, honey."

But this time I meant it.

Week 6. I put on the dark blue jeans I had bought in 2019. The size I had been trying to get back into for four years. They buttoned.

I stood in the mirror in our bedroom and I looked at myself for the first time in a decade without wincing.

I went out to the kitchen and I told Kurt.

He put his coffee down. He walked over. He put both his hands on my shoulders. He said, "Sharon. I have missed you."

I cried into his shirt for ten minutes.

He had not known where I had been for eleven years. I had never told him. I had been going every morning saying fine, honey, and hiding a Gmail address, and skipping Whitney's soccer games, and writing pellet counts under the sink.

I told him everything that afternoon at the kitchen table.

He held my hand through every sentence.

Week 8. I went to Whitney's next soccer game. It was raining. I stood in the wet grass in my rain boots for the whole first half. I did not know where the Porta Potty was and I did not need to. My body was mine again.

Whitney scored in the second half. She ran to me first. Not to Ashley. Not to Kurt. To me.

She said, "Grandma, you came."

I said, "I am coming to all of them from now on."

Week 12. Kurt and I went on a walk. Not a hike. A walk. Two miles on a trail I had not been on in six years. I did not know where the bathrooms were on that trail and I did not care.

Two miles.

Then three miles the next weekend.

Then a real hike two weeks after that.

Week 16. I flew to Charleston to see my sister Peggy's daughter for the first time since the funeral. I flew alone. I ate on the plane. I did not need to know where the bathroom was. I told her over dinner what had happened.

She started crying at the table. She said, "I have been on MiraLAX for four years. I am forty two. I did not know I could get off it. I did not know that was allowed."

I wrote the URL on a napkin. https://tryelvera.com.

She ordered a bottle before we finished dessert.

It has been six months now.

I have not touched MiraLAX in five months. I have not touched Metamucil or Smooth Move tea or magnesium citrate or prune juice or Ceylon cinnamon capsules from midnight Amazon.

The auto-refill I hid from Kurt is canceled. The Gmail address I used to hide it is deleted.

I go every morning between 6:45 and 7:00. Same time as my mother. Same time as her mother. My body does the work. I sit down and it does what it was built to do. No straining. No forty five minutes. No pellets. No notebook.

I threw the notebook out on the morning of day sixty three.

I am down twenty two pounds and the dark blue jeans I bought in 2019 are loose now. I have started giving them to Ashley.

Kurt has stopped watching me the way he had been watching me for the last three years. He does not think anymore that he is losing his wife.

Whitney knows Grandma comes to soccer games.

I called Frances again last week to thank her.

She said, "Sharon. I have been having this same conversation with women for six years. I never get tired of the ones who make it back."

She was quiet for a moment.

Then she said, "Tell them about Peggy too. Tell them about all the women who did not make it."

So I am.

If you are a woman over fifty, and you have been on MiraLAX for four years or six years or eleven years or fourteen years, and you have been told by your doctor that the powder is gentle, that you can take it forever, that this is what women your age do, I want you to hear what my sister Peggy did not hear in time.

The powder is not gentle. It is not a helper. It is not something you can stay on forever without a cost. Every scoop pulls water through your colon. And every scoop pulls the bacteria along with it, the very ones whose job is to send the go signal to your colon muscle. Year after year. Scoop after scoop. Four thousand nights. Six thousand nights.

Until the muscle sits cold, waiting for a signal that has been drained out of you.

That is when your doctor says, "The MiraLAX is not cutting it anymore. Let's try Linzess."

That is where I was three weeks before I sat on my bathroom floor at 6:14 AM with four pellets and a phone flashlight and an empty MiraLAX packet.

That is where my sister Peggy was ten years before she died at 66.

That is where you may be right now.

The mechanism is not complicated. Frances explained it to me on that first phone call in twenty minutes and I understood it. My body needs the bacteria. The bacteria need the deep purple pigment from heirloom elderberries. When you feed the bacteria, they make butyrate. Butyrate is the pilot light. The muscle squeezes on time. You go on your own in the morning like your mother did.

Elvera is 1,200mg of cold-extracted organic heirloom elderberry standardized to 10% anthocyanins, with zinc citrate and buffered vitamin C. Two capsules with a glass of water in the morning. That is the whole protocol. The website is https://tryelvera.com. The guarantee is thirty days money back. If you take it for thirty days and you do not feel any different, every cent comes back with no questions asked.

They batch small and they sell out. That is real. I have had two friends I told about Elvera get to the site and find it out of stock. It always comes back within a week or two. But if you get to the site and they have bottles, I would not wait.

Don't wait until you are on your knees on your bathroom floor at 6:14 in the morning counting pellets.

Don't wait until your doctor writes you a prescription for Linzess and hands it to you in an exam room.

Don't wait until you skip your granddaughter's soccer game because you cannot be more than thirty feet from a bathroom.

Don't wait until you sit at your sister's funeral knowing you have every symptom she had.

The pilot light can come back on. My body did it in fifteen days. My body has been doing it for six months.

I am sixty four years old. I was on MiraLAX for eleven years. And I am telling you, from the other side of it, it is not too late for you.

But it only comes back on if you feed the bacteria that light it.

Click below to see if Elvera still has bottles available at https://tryelvera.com.

I wish I had found Elvera eleven years ago.

I wish my sister Peggy had found it twenty years ago.

The pilot light can come back on.

But only if you feed it.


{"id": "facebook_2880649312303205", "days": 24, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/160d73a85bf8094d9732c94d36816ce833571d4c4d447c2363d67a4e714c4d25.jpg"}, "landing": "https://tryelvera.com/"}
A woman I had been nodding at in the fiction aisle at our small town library for almost two years

pushed open the reading room door with her hip one Tuesday morning in November and sat

down across from me at the round oak table.

She said: is it alright if I sit at your table for a minute. I have been looking at the same window

for an hour and I need a human face across from me.

I said yes.

Forty minutes later, when she stood up to go, she had said one sentence to me that has been

with me every day since.

I am writing this letter because I had been carrying something quietly for twenty-eight years.

Something small.

Something the small quiet women my age do not talk about.

Something the doctor asks about once at your yearly appointment and then moves past when

you shake your head and say I am fine.

That woman gave me back my own body.

My name is Zelda.

I live in a small town in the Finger Lakes region of upstate New York.

I am sixty-two years old.

I worked as a librarian at our small town library for thirty-four years before I retired. I still

volunteer three mornings a week at the reference desk, because the woman who took my job is

thirty-one years old and I have not yet learned how to stay out of the building.

I have been married to my husband, Roland, for thirty-nine years.

He was a math teacher at the middle school. He retired the same June I did.

We have two daughters, both grown, both living in cities we do not live in.

We were, on paper, supposed to be settling into the easy version of our sixties.

I had been quietly not settling.

I need to tell you the thing I have been carrying, because there is no other way to write this

letter.

I have had chronic constipation since I was thirty-four years old.

Twenty-eight years.

Not the kind you talk about at book club or at your yearly physical. Not the kind you Google at

three in the morning, either.

The kind that becomes the quiet weather system inside your body that you learn to live around.

It started after my second daughter was born. It never went away.

I tried every fiber powder in every color box at every grocery store within twenty miles of my

house.

I tried prunes and prune juice and the small dried figs in the plastic tub.

I tried the flax seed my daughter-in-law told me about the year we spent Thanksgiving at their

house.

I tried the two cheap laxatives you can buy without a prescription. I took them once a week and

then twice a week and then three times a week and then I stopped counting.

I tried the powder in the tall white bottle everyone eventually tries. The one that goes in your

morning water. The one that has been on our kitchen counter for the better part of a decade.

That one worked. In its own way.

It did what it was designed to do.

It flushed my body.

It did not make my body work.

There is a difference and the difference matters and I did not understand the difference for a

very long time.

The clinical version of what I was doing was that I had been managing my constipation for

twenty-eight years.

The version I had been quietly living with was that I had been sitting on our upstairs bathroom

floor at three in the morning for twenty-eight years, waiting for my body to remember how to do

the thing it was supposed to do on its own.

I had been telling myself it was hormonal.

I had been telling myself it was two pregnancies and my sedentary work life.

I had been telling myself it was the water we drink from our well.

I had been telling myself it was my mother's genes.

I had been telling myself a lot of things.

Tuesday morning in November, I was sitting at the round oak table in the reading room at our

small town library.

The library is called Whitcomb Memorial. It was built in 1912. The reading room has the tall

windows that face east.

I had come in early to shelve a small cart of donated books before my volunteer shift started at

ten.

I had finished the cart at nine forty.

I was sitting at the round oak table with a cup of coffee from the small kitchenette, waiting for the

doors to open, watching the November light do the thing November light does through

east-facing windows.

I was not in a good way that morning.

I had been up at three thirty. I had not gone back to sleep. I had been reading a book about

coastal Maine that I could not have summarized for you if my life depended on it.

A woman I had been nodding at in the fiction aisle at Whitcomb Memorial for almost two years

pushed open the reading room door with her hip.

She was about my age.

Long silver hair in a low twist.

A canvas book bag with two hardcovers in it.

She set the bag down on the chair across from me and put her palms flat on the table and

closed her eyes for a moment.

Then she looked at me and said: is it alright if I sit at your table for a minute. I have been looking

at the same window for an hour and I need a human face across from me.

I said yes.

She moved her coffee over.

She told me her name was Edith.

She told me she had been a regular at Whitcomb Memorial for three years, since she and her

husband moved into the small yellow house on Elm Street.

I told her I had worked at Whitcomb Memorial for thirty-four years and that I still volunteered

three mornings a week.

We sat at that table for forty minutes.

I am not going to give you the whole conversation.

It is the conversation two women in their early sixties have when they have been quietly reading

the same book for three months and finally sit down together.

We talked about the collection.

We talked about the reading room and the way the eleven o'clock light comes in differently in

November than it does in October.

We talked about our husbands and our daughters and the small towns we had grown up in.

We talked about how much we did not talk to anyone new anymore.

About thirty minutes in, Edith said something offhand about her mornings.

She said: I have started coming here on Tuesdays because I need a place to sit before the day

starts. I have been sleeping badly for most of my adult life. I do not have a doctor's name for

what has kept me up.

She said it lightly, the way you say a small true thing to a person you have just decided you can

say small true things to.

I did not mean to say what I said next.

I said: I have been up in the middle of the night for twenty-eight years and I do not have a

doctor's name for it either. Mine is not sleep. Mine is my body.

She looked at me.

Not the way most people look when a woman my age says something honest at a table with a

stranger.

She looked at me like she had heard exactly what I had said and had been waiting for someone

to say it.

Then she said something I have been thinking about every day since.

She said: for twenty-eight years I did the same thing you did. I have been on the other side of it

now for almost three years. The sentence that opened it for me was one sentence a nutritionist

at our small community clinic said to me the year I turned fifty-nine.

I asked her what the sentence was.

She said: for twenty-eight years I had been washing my helpers out. It never occurred to me to

feed them.

That was the sentence.

I sat with it for a moment.

Helpers.

I did not know what she meant by helpers. Not yet.

I asked her.

She said she wanted to be careful with how she explained it, because she was not a nutritionist

and she was not a doctor and I was one person and she was one person and bodies are

different.

But the short version, she said, was this.

Your gut has a small crew of tiny helpers living in the bottom part of it. They have lived there

since you were an infant.

Their job is to ring a small bell every day.

The bell is the signal to your gut that says: move the tray forward. Do the thing.

For most of your life the bell rings on its own and you do not have to think about it.

The problem with the tall white bottle on the kitchen counter, and with every other laxative on

the shelf, is that they do their job by flooding the bottom part of your gut.

Which is where the helpers live.

Every flood washes the helpers out.

The next flood washes the helpers that had come back.

The next flood washes those helpers out.

After twenty or thirty years of that, there are not enough helpers left to ring the bell.

So your gut stops moving on its own.

So you take another flood.

So the cycle continues.

She said: the nutritionist told me the bell will start ringing on its own again if you stop washing

the helpers out and start feeding them their favorite food instead.

The favorite food, she said, is a small purple compound that is naturally in a certain kind of

berry. The compound is called anthocyanin. It is what makes the berry that specific dark color.

She said: the helpers have loved that compound for as long as there have been helpers and

berries.

She said: I did not stop taking anything. I added one thing. I added an elderberry capsule that is

cold-extracted, so the purple compound survives the manufacturing.

She said: within about six weeks the bell started ringing on its own again. It has been ringing on

its own for almost three years.

She said it the way a woman who has been carrying a thing quietly for most of her adult life tells

another woman who has been carrying the same thing quietly for most of her adult life what she

has been doing.

She was not selling me anything.

She was just telling me.

We sat there for another few minutes.

The doors opened at ten. The morning regulars started coming in.

Edith stood up. She put a slip of paper on the table with the brand name written on it in a

librarian's blocky print.

She said: read for as long as you need to. I read for almost two months. I would not want you to

add anything to your body based on one conversation at a library table.

She picked up her canvas bag and she walked out of the reading room.

I sat at the round oak table looking at the slip of paper for a long time.

The word she had written was Elvera.

I went home that afternoon and I started reading.

I read for almost six weeks.

I am, by temperament and by profession, a careful person.

I do not add things to my body without understanding what I am adding.

I read about the gut. I read about the small crew of helpers Edith had described. The scientific

word for them is the gut microbiome. The bell they ring, in the actual biology, is a small

compound called butyrate.

Butyrate is a short-chain fatty acid the helpers make when they feed on certain plant

compounds. It is the go-signal that tells the gut lining to keep the tray moving forward.

I read about the cold-extraction.

The chemistry is straightforward.

The purple compound in the elderberry is called anthocyanin. It is what stains your fingers when

you handle the berries at the u-pick in September.

Anthocyanin is heat sensitive.

If you process elderberry with heat, which is what most manufacturers do because it is faster

and cheaper, you lose a large portion of the compound to the heat.

Elvera cold-extracts at low temperatures because they want as much of the compound as

possible to make it from the field into the capsule.

That is a slower way to make a supplement.

It costs them more.

I read about the specific extract Elvera uses.

Cold-extracted organic heirloom elderberry, standardized to ten percent anthocyanins. Twelve

hundred milligrams per two-capsule dose.

Paired with a small amount of zinc citrate and a small amount of buffered vitamin C.

The zinc and the vitamin C, I read, are there because the wall of the gut lining takes a small

amount of daily wear and tear from long-term laxative use. Zinc and vitamin C are two of the

plainest, oldest nutrients the body uses to keep that wall in good repair.

Not a fix.

Not a treatment.

Support for the wall while the helpers were being fed again.

That was the right shape.

I read for almost six weeks.

I read the way a librarian reads. I read the labels. I read the study summaries. I read the small

handful of forums where women my age were quietly telling each other what they had been

quietly doing.

I read enough to feel comfortable making the phone call I made next.

Now I need to tell you the most important part of this letter.

Before I added it to anything I was already doing, I called our pharmacist.

His name is David.

He is the pharmacist at the small independent pharmacy on Main Street in our town.

I have been filling things there for thirty-one years.

I called him for a specific reason.

I am on a thyroid medication I have been on since I was forty-eight.

Roland is on a blood pressure medication he has been on for the last five years.

I was not planning to add Elvera to Roland's routine. I was planning to add it to mine.

I called David anyway.

I wanted somebody who knew what was on my chart to confirm that adding a cold-extracted

elderberry capsule to my thyroid medication was the right thing to do at my age.

David pulled up my profile.

He looked up the specific extract.

He confirmed there were no concerns at the dosage on the label. He confirmed the thyroid

medication and the elderberry did not have any interaction he was aware of.

He told me to take the elderberry in the morning with water, and to take my thyroid medication

the way I had always taken it, with the small window I had been using for thirty-one years.

He told me to call him back if anything ever changed on my chart, because the conversation

would be different at that point.

He told me before he hung up that he wished more of his customers made the call I had just

made.

I also called Dr. Ostrom's office that week.

Dr. Ostrom has been our family doctor for eighteen years.

I told her nurse what I was thinking about adding.

I told her the brand and the dosage.

She talked to Dr. Ostrom and called me back the next day.

She told me Dr. Ostrom had said it was a sensible thing to add. Antioxidant support, no

concerns at the dosage on the label, nothing to interact with the thyroid medication I was on.

She told me to let Dr. Ostrom know how I was doing at my next appointment in April.

I want to say something now, plainly, to every reader of this letter.

If you are on any prescription medication at all, especially if you take a blood thinner or a heart

medication or a diabetes medication, please make the call before you add anything new to what

you are already taking.

I called David and I called Dr. Ostrom's office and I am on only one prescription.

I would have called twice as fast if I had been on more.

So should you.

The people who know your chart will tell you in two minutes whether the supplement is safe to

add, given what you are already taking.

The two minutes the call takes are the most important two minutes of your engagement with any

supplement you might consider adding.

The bottle arrived on a Wednesday.

I set two capsules on a small saucer next to my morning water on the kitchen counter that

Thursday.

I took them with the first sip.

I did not say anything to Roland yet.

I have learned, over thirty-nine years of marriage and twenty-eight years of a body I have been

quietly worrying about, not to make announcements before I know what I am announcing.

I started on a Thursday.

The first two weeks I felt nothing in particular.

I had read enough alongside what Edith had told me to know that bodies are different.

Some people notice something within the first week or two.

Some take much longer.

Some do not notice much at all.

I was prepared to land in any of those camps.

I was prepared to be honest with myself about the result.

What I noticed, I noticed slowly.

The first thing I noticed, around the beginning of week three, was that I had not been on the

upstairs bathroom floor at three in the morning for a full week.

I had been up once, briefly, at four.

Not sitting on the floor. Not the way I had been sitting for twenty-eight years.

I did not make a note of it.

I did not want to make a thing of it.

I had read enough not to make a thing of one week.

The second thing I noticed, around week five, was the coffee.

For most of my adult life, my morning coffee has been the small quiet signal to my body that the

tray needed to move.

Not always successfully. But that was the arrangement.

Around week five, my morning coffee stopped being the signal.

The signal had started arriving on its own, an hour before the coffee. In the way the biology

books had described it. The way I remembered it working when I was in my twenties.

I did not tell Roland.

I did not tell anyone.

I sat with it for another week.

The third thing I noticed, around week seven, was that the tall white bottle on the kitchen

counter had not moved.

I had not used it in eleven days.

I picked it up. I looked at the fill line. I put it back.

I did not throw it away. I have been living with that bottle on the counter for so long that throwing

it away felt superstitious.

I moved it into the cupboard.

I did not want to make a thing of it.

The fourth thing I noticed, around week nine, was Roland.

Roland had never known the specific version of what I had been carrying.

He knew I had trouble in the mornings sometimes. He knew I got up in the middle of the night

sometimes. He knew I kept the tall white bottle on the counter.

He did not know what any of it meant. It is possible he did not want to know.

Around week nine, Roland made me a cup of tea one evening after supper and sat down across

from me at the kitchen table and said: Zelda, you look lighter these days. In the way you carry

yourself. I do not know how else to say it.

I looked at him for a long time.

I told him about the library. I told him about Edith. I told him about the reading I had done. I told

him about the calls to David and to Dr. Ostrom's office. I told him about the small saucer next to

my morning water for the last nine weeks.

I told him what the tall white bottle had meant to me for twenty-eight years, in a way I had never

told him or anyone else.

He listened.

He was quiet for a long time.

He said: I am sorry I did not know.

I told him he could not have known, because I had not told him.

I told him I had not told him because I had not known how.

We sat at the table for a long time.

He got up and put both of our teacups in the sink. He came back and stood behind my chair and

put his hand on the top of my head, the way he has been doing since we were twenty-three

years old.

He said: I am glad you sat down with that woman at the library.

I want to be careful with what I am telling you.

I am writing this to people I do not know.

I am not telling you Elvera did any of those things on its own.

I had been doing the plainer, quieter lifestyle work. I had been drinking more water. I had been

eating the small servings of the plainer vegetables Dr. Ostrom had been telling me about for two

years and that I had not, until Edith sat down across from me, actually eaten.

Something had shifted in me the morning I sat with Edith at the round oak table in the reading

room that had nothing to do with a capsule on a saucer.

There were several things changing at once, the way there are when a woman finally finds

someone to sit down with.

All I am telling you is that I added one small thing to a list of quieter things I was doing.

I kept everything else the same.

And a stretch of months followed that was qualitatively different from the twenty-eight years that

had preceded them.

That is the honest version.

I would not give you a cleaner one.

I saw Dr. Ostrom for my annual appointment in April.

I told her about the reading. I told her about the elderberry. I told her about the tall white bottle in

the cupboard.

She smiled at me.

She said: Zelda, keep doing what you are doing.

She did not bring up the small ongoing prescription she had been quietly thinking about for the

last two of my annual appointments.

She had not brought it up in two appointments now.

I called Edith the next Sunday.

We met for coffee at the small bakery three doors down from Whitcomb Memorial.

She listened to me the way she had listened at the round oak table.

When I was finished, she reached across the small bakery table and squeezed my hand.

She said: I am glad you sat down at my table.

I told her she was the one who had sat down at mine.

She said: it was the same table.

I want to say something to you now.

I am telling you this because I think there is a chance you might be where I was that Tuesday

morning in the reading room.

Carrying something quietly.

Something small.

Something the small quiet women our age do not talk about, and do not tell their husbands

about, and do not bring up at their yearly appointments even when the doctor asks about it

directly.

Something you have been managing on your own with a tall white bottle on the counter, for

years or maybe decades.

If you have been carrying a quiet question, alongside everything else you are already carrying,

about whether there is one small additive thing that might support what is already working in

your body, I want to say a few things to you carefully.

I do not know you.

I do not know your body, your bloodwork, your situation, or what your doctor has said.

Bodies are different.

Some people notice something within the first week or two of adding something like this.

Some take much longer.

Some do not notice much at all.

That is the honest version.

Anyone offering you a cleaner one is selling you harder than I am.

Here is how I think about Elvera now, in the words I would actually use.

It is something the body uses.

The small crew of helpers in the bottom part of your gut have loved the purple compound in

elderberry for as long as there have been helpers and berries.

It is not a fix for anything.

It is not a substitute for the tall white bottle if that is what you need on a given day.

It is not a treatment for the burden you have been carrying quietly on the upstairs bathroom floor

in the middle of the night.

It is one small thing you can add to the list of quiet things you are already doing for yourself.

Please call your pharmacist or your doctor's office before you add it.

If you are on any prescription medication at all, please make the call.

I called David.

I called Dr. Ostrom's office.

I would not have added anything to what I was already taking without those calls.

Neither should you.

The people who know your chart will tell you in two minutes whether the supplement is safe to

add.

I am a sixty-two year old woman in upstate New York with a library shift on Tuesday mornings

and a tall white bottle in the cupboard I have not opened in eleven months.

I am not the person to ask.

Your pharmacist or your doctor is.

The company has a thirty-day money-back guarantee.

If you are not satisfied for any reason, they refund you.

It is not tied to bloodwork.

It is not tied to anything you have to prove to anyone.

The elderberries are grown on a small heirloom operation that harvests on its own schedule.

There are stretches when they are in stock and stretches when they are not.

I mention that not to push you. Please do not let anybody push you into a health decision.

I mention it so that if you go to the site and they are out, you know why.

The site is https://tryelvera.com.

That is all I have.

Thank you for reading this far.

I hope something here was useful to you.

I hope, somewhere today, your own Edith is pushing open a reading room door with her hip,

waiting to sit down across from you at a round oak table.

Zelda

P.S. I want to come back to the cold-extraction for a minute.

The purple compound in the elderberry, the part the helpers in your gut have loved for as long

as there have been helpers and berries, is heat sensitive.

That is the chemistry.

If you process elderberry the standard way, with heat, you lose a large portion of it to the heat.

Elvera chose the slower way.

Low temperatures. Slow. More of the compound through to the capsule.

It costs them time. It costs them money.

They made the choice anyway.

I have come, at sixty-two, to pay attention to the small decisions companies make when no one

is watching.

Those decisions tell you everything.

P.P.S. Two capsules. In the morning. With a glass of water.

That is the entire protocol.

No powder to stir into anything.

No afternoon dose to remember.

No schedule taped to the inside of the cupboard.

I keep the bottle next to the small saucer on the kitchen counter.

I take the capsules with my first sip of water.

Roland has taken to setting the saucer out for me before I come downstairs.

We have earned a simple morning at our age.

P.P.P.S. Please, one more time.

Call your pharmacist or your doctor's office before you add anything new to what you are

already taking.

Especially if you are on a blood thinner, a heart medication, or a diabetes medication.

They have your whole picture in front of them.

I have written you a letter.

There is a difference and the difference matters.

The two minutes it takes to ask are the most important two minutes of your engagement with

any supplement.

P.P.P.P.S. The thirty-day guarantee, in case you skimmed.

Thirty days. Any reason at all.

You do not have to prove a single thing.

If you tried it and you are not satisfied, they send the money back.

The kind of small-company policy companies used to have when companies still answered the

phone.

P.P.P.P.P.S. The sentence Edith said to me at the round oak table in the reading room. For

twenty-eight years I had been washing my helpers out. It never occurred to me to feed them.

I had been thinking a version of those exact words about my own situation for twenty-eight

years.

I had never said them out loud.

I had not realized, until Edith said them, how heavy they had become.

If you are a woman who has been carrying a quiet thing about your own body for as long as I

was, I want you to know you are not the only one.

You are not imagining it.

You are not being dramatic.

Your body has not forgotten how to do the thing it is supposed to do.

Your helpers have just been washed out for a long time.

They can come back.

I hope you find your Edith.

I hope, if you already have one, you let yourself sit down at her table.

I hope you read carefully.

I hope you make the call before you add anything.

I hope, a year from now, you are sitting at your own kitchen table on a quiet Thursday morning

with a cup of tea, in a body that has started to remember how to work.

I hope that for you.

That is the whole reason I wrote this.


{"id": "facebook_1501436405363111", "days": 1, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/fb8761b5bf7a9285473cdbfccc5b7253639801f47d413ee7da67bc32ec19e0c0.jpg"}, "landing": "https://tryelvera.com/pages/real-constipation-solution-v2"}
When colonoscopy techs look inside chronically constipated women, they all see the same thing.

A colon wall that's pale and smooth. Stripped clean. No healthy mucus layer. No bacterial film. No pink flush of active tissue.

It looks abandoned. Like a factory floor where every worker walked out and nobody came to replace them.

Every single one of those women thought they just needed more fiber.

Their doctors said it was stress.

Their friends joked about it at brunch.

Their husbands said it was probably diet.

Nobody told them what was actually happening inside their colon.

Now I'm telling you.

Go press your hand flat against your stomach right now.

That hard, round belly that looks six months pregnant by dinner?

That skin that used to glow and now looks dull and tired no matter what products you use?

That hair coming out in clumps in the shower drain?

That stubborn weight sitting right below your navel that won't move no matter how clean you eat or how much you walk?

That's not aging. That's not letting yourself go.

That's what the outside of a colon without workers looks like on a living woman.

And right now, your body is building toward the same pale, stripped wall those techs see on their screens every single day.

**What Colonoscopy Techs See vs. What You See in the Mirror**

The scope images never make it into your follow-up appointment.

When a colon loses its bacterial colony, it doesn't just slow down quietly.

It changes. The mucus layer thins out. The tissue goes pale. The walls lose their ability to contract on their own.

That's why your stomach is hard and round and pushes outward like something is trapped inside. Because something is trapped inside. Waste that your colon can no longer move.

It's not a fiber problem. It's not something Metamucil will fix.

It's a colon that has lost the workers who run it.

Techs see the pale walls and note it as "unremarkable mucosa." The scope comes back "normal."

You get told everything looks fine.

But the bacteria that were supposed to line those walls, the ones that produce the signal telling your colon to move, they're gone. The scope doesn't test for them. Nobody tests for them.

Same colon. Different story depending on whether anyone checks for the workers.

And while your belly swells and the scale won't budge, something else happens.

Your hair thins. Your skin goes dull. You look tired no matter how much you sleep.

Because the bacteria that produce butyrate, the movement signal, also fed the gut lining that absorbs your nutrition. Without them, you're eating food your body can't fully use. The nutrition goes in. Most of it comes out the other end without ever being absorbed.

The stubborn belly and the thinning hair. Skin that looks tired no matter how much sleep you got. Weight that won't respond to anything you try. That's not a body type.

That's a colon without workers, reshaping your body from the inside out.

**The 2018 Study That Should Have Been Front-Page News**

A research team at the Weizmann Institute published findings in 2018 that should have changed the way every gastroenterologist in the country treats chronic constipation.

They studied the gut microbiome of people with chronic digestive complaints. Stool samples and biopsies. Detailed bacterial mapping that tracked exactly which species were present and which were gone.

What they found was staggering.

Chronically constipated subjects had severe depletion of butyrate-producing bacteria. The specific species responsible for telling the colon to contract were nearly gone.

Then the part that made gastroenterologists uncomfortable.

Patients who had taken probiotics to fix the problem actually recovered MORE SLOWLY than patients who did nothing.

The probiotic strains you see at CVS, Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium, were competing with the native colony for space. Sending strangers to do a local crew's job. The strangers didn't produce butyrate. They didn't send the movement signal. They just took up room on the factory floor and blocked the real workers from coming back.

Every one of these women had been to their doctor. Had the colonoscopy. Received the standard advice. Fiber. Water. Exercise.

Meanwhile, the workers on their factory floor were disappearing year after year.

The lead researcher wrote something that should keep every chronically constipated woman awake tonight:

"The conventional approach to chronic constipation addresses transit without addressing the biological infrastructure required for transit. The bacterial colony responsible for motility signaling was severely depleted in every subject, yet this was assessed by none of the standard diagnostic tools."

Read that again.

The standard tests don't look for it. The colonoscopy doesn't check for it. The bloodwork doesn't measure it.

And everyone, the woman, her husband, her doctor, just shrugs and says eat more fiber.

**How a Healthy Colon Becomes a Stripped Factory Floor**

Your colon runs on bacteria. Every contraction. Every wave of movement. Every signal that says "push this through." All of it comes from butyrate, the chemical those bacteria produce.

When the colony is healthy, it does four things:

It produces butyrate around the clock, keeping the colon's muscles contracting.

It maintains the mucus layer that protects the gut wall from damage.

It feeds the lining so it can absorb nutrients properly.

It keeps inflammation down so the tissue stays healthy and pink.

When the colony dies off, the cascade is predictable. Colonoscopy techs have seen it thousands of times. It always follows the same four stages:

STAGE 1: Bacterial die-off begins. The workers start leaving. Butyrate production drops 30 to 40 percent. Transit slows down. You notice you're not going as often as you used to. You add fiber to your morning oatmeal. It doesn't help much.

STAGE 2: The movement signal weakens. Without enough butyrate, the colon's muscles receive a weaker and weaker signal. Transit slows further. The belly starts to swell. You're going maybe twice a week now. Your doctor says try MiraLAX.

STAGE 3: The gut lining thins. Without butyrate to feed it, the lining loses its protective mucus layer. Nutrients stop absorbing properly. Your hair starts thinning. Your skin looks tired. You carry stubborn weight right below your navel because your body isn't processing food the way it needs to.

STAGE 4: The walls become permeable. The stripped lining lets inflammatory compounds leak through into your bloodstream. Inflammation goes systemic. The bloating gets worse. The weight won't move. You feel exhausted by 3pm every single day. Your doctor runs the standard panel and tells you everything looks normal.

This is the progression. This is what every colonoscopy would reveal if anyone knew what to look for underneath the "unremarkable mucosa" note.

And by the time your belly is hard and round and your hair is thinning and your skin looks ten years older than it should, you're already deep into Stage 3 or 4.

**The Workers Your Colon Has Been Starving For (While Your Doctor Says "Eat More Fiber")**

Your colon requires butyrate to move.

Butyrate comes from bacteria.

Without those bacteria, your colon receives no movement signal. Waste sits. Accumulates. Day after day. Year after year.

Your colon is a factory with no workers. The conveyor belt stopped. Cargo piles up at every station. Nothing moves.

Fiber? That's more cargo loaded onto a dead belt. If the workers aren't there to move it, more cargo just makes the pile bigger.

MiraLAX? That forces the belt to move with no workers on it. Pulls water into the colon. Things move, sure. But every dose trains the colon to rely on it more. Washes out the few workers who were still trying to hang on.

Probiotics? Wrong species entirely. The ones at CVS don't produce butyrate. They don't send the movement signal. The Weizmann study showed they actually slowed the native colony's recovery. Strangers taking up space on the factory floor.

Stool softeners? They soften what's already stuck. They don't address why it got stuck in the first place.

The average chronically constipated woman has lost 60 to 80 percent of her butyrate-producing bacteria. Nobody told her. Nobody tested for it. And nothing her doctor recommended addresses the actual problem.

The workers are gone. Nobody is feeding them. Nobody is even checking whether they're still there.

**Karen Was Ten Years Into a Stripped Colon and Didn't Know It**

Karen is 58. Retired teacher out of Syracuse.

Her doctor had been telling her to eat more fiber for ten years.

Karen tried. Benefiber every morning. Metamucil with dinner. Chia seeds in her oatmeal. Walking three miles a day. Two liters of water minimum. She did everything on the list, every day, for a decade.

The constipation never got better. If anything, it got worse every year.

Her belly kept getting harder and rounder. Her hair started coming out in handfuls in the shower. Her skin looked gray no matter what she tried.

She'd look in the mirror and see a woman being reshaped by something nobody could name or explain. She just didn't know what it was yet.

Her sister finally sent her to a functional medicine practitioner. This was after Karen's third colonoscopy in six years came back "normal." After the sixth time a doctor told her to eat more fiber and drink more water like she hadn't been doing exactly that for a decade.

The practitioner asked one question nobody had ever asked before: "What happened to your bacteria?"

Karen didn't even know what butyrate was.

"That's your problem," the practitioner said. "Your colon can't move without it. You've been loading cargo onto a dead conveyor belt for ten years. The belly, the hair, the skin. It's all downstream of the same thing. Your workers are gone and nobody has been feeding them."

She recommended feeding the bacterial colony directly. Not probiotics. Not more fiber. The actual fuel the butyrate-producing bacteria need to rebuild.

Elderberry. Cold-extracted, 1,200mg. The prebiotic fuel the workers have been starved of.

Zinc citrate. To seal the gut lining so the bacteria have a stable surface to colonize. Without it, they wash right through.

Buffered vitamin C. To calm the inflammation that's been destroying the bacterial colonies for years. Let the new growth take hold.

Three ingredients. Two capsules daily. Third-party tested.

We formulated Elvera because the bacteria that run your colon need to be fed, not overridden.

**What Happened When Karen's Workers Came Back**

Karen started taking Elvera because she'd tried everything else and this was the first time anyone had actually explained what was wrong.

Week one: The constant tight, bloated feeling in her stomach eased. She described it as "something finally loosened up in there." She went to the bathroom on Tuesday morning without straining. That hadn't happened in over a year.

Week three: She was going every morning. Not forced. Not urgent. Not the MiraLAX kind of going where everything comes out at once and you spend the next hour cramping. Just a normal movement, the way she used to go before all of this started. Her pants fit differently around the midsection. Not because she'd lost weight. Because the swelling was finally going down.

Week six: Her hairdresser asked what she'd changed. The hair wasn't coming out in clumps anymore. The texture was different. Thicker. Her skin had color again for the first time in years. She caught her reflection in a store window and almost didn't recognize the woman looking back.

Week twelve: Her sister saw her at Thanksgiving and said, "You look ten years younger. What did you do?" Karen told her. Elvera.

Her belly had gone from hard and distended to soft and flat. The stubborn weight below her navel had shifted. Not from a diet. Not from exercise. From her body finally absorbing nutrition again because the gut lining was intact and working.

She went back to the functional medicine practitioner. They ran a microbiome panel.

Butyrate producers: back to 68 percent of healthy range. Up from 11 percent when she started.

"Your workers came back," the practitioner said. "That's all it was. You fed them. They rebuilt. Now your colon runs on its own."

Karen's regular doctor never checked her butyrate levels. Not in ten years and six colonoscopies. Not once.

The doctor actually asked Karen what she'd been doing when she came in for her next appointment. She told him. Elvera. He nodded and said, "The prebiotic approach. I wish more patients would try that."

Then why didn't you tell me? Karen asked.

He didn't have an answer for that.

**Why the Gut Supplements at CVS Won't Restore Your Bacteria**

Most women hear about the bacterial connection and do the same thing.

They Google "gut health supplement." They grab a bottle of probiotics or a fiber powder off the shelf. They think they've solved the problem.

Three months later, nothing has changed. The belly is still hard. The colon is still stripped.

Fiber doesn't feed butyrate-producing bacteria. It feeds bulk. More cargo on the same dead belt.

Probiotics contain the wrong species. Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium don't produce butyrate. They don't send the movement signal. They compete with the bacteria that do.

Stool softeners soften what's already stuck. That's it. They don't address why it got stuck.

MiraLAX forces movement. But every dose washes out more of the remaining workers. The colon becomes more dependent on the next dose. Not less.

None of these feed the actual colony. None of them restore the signal.

It's like trying to start a car by polishing the hood.

**Your Grandmother Didn't Have Chronic Constipation. There's a Reason.**

Think about the women in your family two generations back.

Your grandmother. Your great-aunts.

They ate berries from the yard. Elderberry preserves sat in the pantry all winter. Fermented vegetables were on the dinner table. They gardened with their bare hands in soil full of bacteria their guts needed.

Their bacterial colonies were fed constantly. Naturally. Without anyone thinking about it or buying supplements or reading labels.

Chronic constipation as a widespread condition barely existed.

Then the modern diet happened.

Processed foods replaced whole foods. Antibiotics got prescribed for every sinus infection and ear ache. We sanitized and sterilized everything. The foods that fed our gut bacteria disappeared from the kitchen.

Within one generation:

Chronic constipation went from uncommon to affecting 1 in 5 women over 40.

MiraLAX became so common it sits on the shelf next to the toothpaste.

Women started carrying hard, distended bellies and thinning hair and dull skin by their mid-40s.

We normalized it. Made jokes about it. Called it "getting older."

Meanwhile, colonoscopy techs kept looking inside those same women and seeing pale, stripped walls with no bacterial activity. And writing "unremarkable" in the notes.

This isn't aging. This is a bacterial collapse that's been running unchecked for sixty years.

And the thing that could support those bacteria was the food we stopped eating.

**What Makes Elvera Different From Everything Else**

1,200mg cold-extracted heirloom elderberry. The prebiotic fuel that feeds butyrate-producing bacteria directly.

Zinc citrate to seal the gut lining so the bacteria can stay and colonize, instead of washing through.

Buffered vitamin C to calm the inflammation that has been killing the colonies for years.

Three ingredients, two capsules daily. Third-party tested.

No fillers. No proprietary blends. No 14-strain probiotic that sends strangers to take up space on the factory floor.

Over 100,000 women have tried Elvera.

We formulated it because the bacteria that run your colon need to be fed. Not forced. Not overridden. Not replaced with the wrong species.

The same bacterial fuel that kept your grandmother's colon healthy and her belly flat.

Delivered in a capsule so you never have to make elderberry preserves or dig in the garden.

**Here's What We're Offering You Right Now**

Buy 2, Get 1 Free. Three bottles for $67.20. That's up to 52% off the standard price.

Take Elvera daily for 30 days.

If the bloating doesn't drop. If the belly doesn't soften. If you don't look in the mirror and see a different woman. Send it back for a complete refund. 30-day money-back guarantee.

We can make that guarantee because we've seen what happens when a starving colony finally gets fed.

The bacteria rebuild. The signal comes back. The colon starts moving on its own again. That's biology, not willpower.

Every order includes a free gut health ebook with the research, the protocol, and the full timeline of what to expect.

**You're Building Toward That Stripped Colon Wall Right Now**

Every day without bacterial fuel is another day the colony shrinks.

Another day of weaker signal. Another day of thinner lining.

Another day your belly swells and your hair thins and your skin fades.

Another day your colon looks more like the ones those techs see on their screens every morning.

Those women thought they just needed more fiber too.

They thought it was normal. Harmless. Part of getting older.

Their colon walls told a different story.

Don't let yours tell the same one.

Click below. Feed the workers your colon has been starving for. And give your body a chance to look like a healthy woman, not a stripped factory floor.


{"id": "facebook_1123807013657445", "days": 10, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/3c365cd0fe5f971918f63767a36ec82175134b6ccacd027d59e7e8ce549954fb.png"}, "landing": "https://tryelvera.com/"}
An ER Doctor in Italy Asked Me One Question About My Constipation No American Doctor Ever Had.

He asked how many courses of antibiotics I'd taken in my life. And when I finished counting, he told me what they took from me that nobody ever followed up on.

Except I only found this out because I spent five nights eating my way through Rome and ended up doubled over on a gurney in an Italian emergency room.

We'd been planning this trip for two years. Our 25th anniversary. The one we kept putting off because something always came up, and if I'm being honest, because I wasn't sure my gut could handle the travel.

By night three, I was on a rooftop terrace near the Pantheon, wine in hand, watching the sun drop over the whole city. Marvin laughing next to me. I remember thinking we should have done this ten years ago.

Then about an hour later, I felt it.

A pressure low in my belly that tightened into something I couldn't breathe through. Like everything inside me had locked shut and was pressing outward in every direction at once.

I figured it was the food. We'd been eating through Rome all week. Heavy pasta, cured meats, rich sauces, bread at every meal. I told myself my stomach was adjusting.

But I knew it wasn't the food. I hadn't gone in nine days. Not once the entire trip. And the pressure had been building since day two. I'd packed MiraLAX in my suitcase. Took it every morning with my coffee. Nothing moved.

I set my wine down and tried to breathe through it. Walked one slow lap around the terrace. It didn't ease. It spread up into my ribs, down through my lower back. I could feel my abdomen pushing against my waistband like I was six months along.

By the time Marvin saw my face, I was gripping the railing with both hands, gray and sweating, and I couldn't stand up straight.

He had his phone out before I could say anything.

Twenty minutes later I was strapped to a stretcher in the back of an Italian ambulance. He was in the front seat, not speaking Italian, trying to explain something to a paramedic who didn't speak English.

And I watched the doors close on his face.

At the hospital they moved fast. An abdominal X-ray, then a CT scan. They started an IV and gave me something for the pain.

The doctor came in. Maybe sixty, wire glasses, completely unhurried. His English was better than he let on at first.

He looked at the scan, then at me. "Good news first," he said. "Your bowel has not perforated. You are not in surgical territory tonight."

I started to breathe again.

"But you are close," he said, and sat down. "What I see on this scan is severe fecal loading. Your colon has stopped moving. The muscle that should squeeze everything through has barely been working. Another two or three days and we would be having a very different conversation."

He asked how long I'd been dealing with constipation. I told him the truth. Going on eight years. It started slow. A day between, then two, then three. Then five days became normal. MiraLAX every morning. Smooth Move tea at night when the MiraLAX wasn't enough. Magnesium citrate. Chia seeds in yogurt. A Squatty Potty I ordered at two in the morning off an infomercial. Everything worked for a month and then stopped.

He nodded like he already knew.

Then he asked me something no American doctor ever had.

"How many courses of antibiotics have you taken in your life?"

I stared at him. Not one GI doctor back home had ever asked me that.

"Count them," he said. "Not the ones you remember. All of them."

So I counted. The doxycycline for my skin at nineteen. Two years of it. The amoxicillin every time I got a sinus infection, and I got them every winter through my thirties. Three rounds of cipro for UTIs. A Z-pack my doctor handed me once because I asked and he didn't want to argue.

I stopped counting at fifteen. There were more I couldn't remember.

He nodded again.

"European researchers gave twelve healthy people a four-day course of antibiotics," he said. "Four days. They tracked the gut bacteria for six months afterward. Most of the bacteria came back within weeks. But nine species that had been present in every single person before the antibiotics were still undetectable at six months. Nine species. Gone. From four days."

He paused.

"Those nine are the ones that make the chemical signal your colon needs to squeeze. Without them, the signal does not get sent. That is why you are here tonight. Not because of the pasta. Because of something that happened years ago that nobody ever followed up on."

Then he used a picture I have not been able to get out of my head.

"Think of your colon like a restaurant kitchen," he said. "After the antibiotics, the waitresses came back. The busboys came back. But the line cooks, the ones who actually make the food? They never came back. Every table is set. Every order is in. And nothing comes out of the kitchen."

I lay there staring at the ceiling.

Eight years. Eight years of MiraLAX and Smooth Move tea and magnesium and a Squatty Potty and my GI doctor telling me to eat more fiber and drink more water. Not one of them ever asked about the antibiotics.

I told him I'd been taking a probiotic for six years. Forty dollars a bottle from the health food store. Every single month.

He shook his head.

"There is published research showing that taking probiotics after antibiotics actually delayed recovery in the people who took them. The group that took nothing recovered faster. What you were taking may have been slowing down the very thing you were paying for."

That one landed in my chest.

"You cannot replace what is gone," he said. "You cannot put those species in a capsule. What you can do is feed the ones that survived. They eat a specific dark polyphenol. When they get enough, they rebuild on their own. Published research has shown that cold-extracted elderberry polyphenols support the growth of the species that make this signal. Food for what survived."

"In Europe, we talk about what antibiotics take from you," he said. "In America, your doctors give you another powder."

They kept me overnight with IV fluids and monitoring. Marvin sat in the chair next to the bed and didn't sleep.

We flew home five days later. First thing I did was go looking for what the Italian doctor described.

CVS had elderberry syrup. Cooked, sweetened, meant for colds. Not what he described. The health food store had elderberry gummies. Heated, loaded with sugar, dosed for immune season.

So I called my brother-in-law. He's a nurse practitioner, over a decade in primary care. I read him the Italian doctor's notes.

He went quiet for a second.

"The Italian doctor's right. The antibiotic connection, the missing species, the probiotic problem. I've been reading about this for the last year. The only brand I'd trust for this is Elvera."

Cold-extracted elderberry concentrate. Never heated, so the polyphenols that matter survive the making. A real dose, not the trace you get in a syrup or a gummy. And nothing else in the capsule.

"Miss any of that," he said, "and you're taking the same thing that already didn't work. It wasn't the elderberry that failed you before. It was the formula."

I ordered that night.

Week one, nothing dramatic. I'd been disappointed enough times to keep my expectations flat.

By day ten, something shifted. Not the cramping, urgent kind you get from a stimulant laxative. A quiet shift. Like my body remembered what it was supposed to do on its own.

Day fourteen, I went on my own. For the first time in three years. Without MiraLAX, without the tea, without forty-five minutes of straining. I sat down and it happened the way it is supposed to happen. I stood up and stared at the wall for a full minute because I did not know what to do with myself.

By week four, I was going every morning. On my own. Before coffee.

Then six weeks in, I went back for a follow-up with my GI doctor.

He looked at the chart. Looked at me.

"Your abdominal scan is clear. Transit time is normal for the first time since I've been seeing you. Whatever you changed, keep doing it."

That was the part that got me. I hadn't turned into a different person. Still had my coffee with cream. Still had my wine on the weekends. Still ate bread when I wanted bread. My body stopped fighting me for it.

Most women don't end up in an Italian ER.

They wake up to another backed-up morning and blame it on what they ate yesterday. The bloating that never fully goes down. The three days, then five, then a week between. The MiraLAX they stir into their coffee because nothing else works. The way they plan every trip around whether there's a bathroom and whether their body will cooperate.

That is not aging. That is a signal your gut stopped sending. And nobody is asking why it stopped.

Elvera is a small company, and they don't cut the formula to make it cheaper. That means limited batches, and they sell out regularly.

Don't buy the elderberry syrup at the drugstore. Cooked. Sweetened. Made for colds. Not the same thing and not the same purpose.

If you see Elvera in stock, grab it. Right now their best deal is the Buy 2, Get 1 bundle. Three bottles for $67.20.

30-day money-back guarantee. If you don't feel the difference, every penny back.

Over 100,000 women are taking Elvera right now. Not because somebody told them to. Because they found the same answer I found on a gurney in Rome.

Your gut doesn't need to be forced. It needs to be fed.

Here's the link: https://tryelvera.com

Loretta

P.S. The trip I want to tell you about isn't the one to Rome. It's the one we took three months later. Marvin and I drove down to Savannah for a long weekend. For the first time in eight years, I didn't pack a single thing from the pharmacy. No ziplock of MiraLAX packets, no tea bags tucked in my toiletry case, no magnesium pills rattling in my purse. And every morning in that hotel room, I went on my own. Marvin didn't say anything about it. He didn't have to. He handed me my coffee and smiled.

P.P.S. They include a free gut health ebook with every order. Not the usual "drink more water" pamphlet. Real information about what's happening in your gut and why the things you've tried haven't worked. I wish I'd had it eight years ago. Would have saved me a lot of Smooth Move tea.


{"id": "facebook_1688627728876743", "days": 18, "media": {"type": "video", "thumbnailUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/thumbnails/3f8331c90dfa7c38a1587ebe4f210a86082dd0d7cbc6b86ea5f07fa169235c54.jpg", "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/video/7c82f46ea611bd3379ab70bad63c47a6fe17cb452839e468de28fa86e0fa2de8.mp4"}, "landing": "http://tryelvera.com/"}
Introducing Elvera Elderberry, a concentrated daily supplement designed to restore what estrogen quietly took from your gut, your body, and your sense of self.
💜 Supports the gut bacteria estrogen naturally depletes after 50
💜 Helps reduce bloating and that persistent heaviness in your belly
💜 Promotes natural digestion without forcing or depending on laxatives
💜 Supports lighter, steadier energy from the inside out
💜 Helps restore the gut rhythm your body used to maintain on its own
✅ Concentrated elderberry standardised to the exact level that matters
✅ 3rd-party tested, Non-GMO, no harsh ingredients

✨ No complicated routine — just one small step every morning
🌿 Rooted in nature, formulated for what your body actually needs after menopause
❤️‍🩹 One daily supplement to help you feel like yourself again.
Tap Shop Now to give your gut back what menopause took
🌿 Don't just manage the symptoms. Help your body restore the source. That's what Elvera is for
