{"id": "facebook_29269724089283906", "days": 2, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/3a300c107b331272b3450f45c6538fbfac38041a87786af676e1407dfd8f3459.jpg"}, "landing": "https://nivara-shop.com/products/ferravital-ferritin-support"}
Living with a ferritin of 8 is like trying to breathe at 14,000 feet. Every single day. Except you're standing at sea level and nobody believes you.

That photo is me standing on top of a 14,000-foot mountain. Thumbs up. Tears streaming behind my goggles.

A year ago I couldn't walk to my car without stopping to catch my breath.

Here's what changed.

At 43, I had to choose between pretending I was fine or admitting that my body was shutting down and nobody could tell me why.

I couldn't do both.

The exhaustion was so bad that every single day I'd spend my mornings:

Gripping the stair railing at work so hard my knuckles turned white because my legs felt like they'd buckle

Sitting in my car during lunch with the seat reclined because I physically could not make it to the break room and back

Pulling clumps of hair off my pillow before my husband woke up so he wouldn't see how bad it was getting

My hairstylist stopped pretending. She put her hands on my shoulders and said: "Hon, you need to see someone about this. This isn't normal."

My doctor looked at my labs for three seconds and said: "Your iron is normal. Maybe try biotin."

My husband stopped suggesting weekend hikes — something we used to do every month — because he knew what my face would look like when he asked.

The face that said: "I want to, but my body won't let me."

My breaking point came at my daughter's field day at school.

Parents were invited to run the three-legged race with their kids.

My daughter grabbed my hand. "Mom, we're gonna win!"

I made it maybe 40 feet.

I had to stop. Bent over. Hands on my knees. Gasping.

Other parents jogged past us. Some of them looked back.

My daughter's face went from excited to confused to embarrassed.

"Mom? Are you okay?"

I lied and said yes.

But I wasn't fine.

I was 43 years old, standing in a field on a perfect Saturday morning, and I couldn't run 40 feet with my daughter without almost passing out.

I watched the other moms laughing, crossing the finish line, picking up their kids.

I couldn't even make it halfway.

That night, after my daughter went to bed, I sat on the bathroom floor pulling another clump of hair from the drain and cried.

Not from the hair loss.

From the realization that this thing — whatever it was — had stolen my ability to be the mom I wanted to be.

My energy. My hair. My weekends with my husband. My confidence. My daughter's face when I couldn't keep up with her.

I looked at my husband sleeping in our bed and thought: "Poor guy has probably given up on having the woman he married back."

The next morning, I made an appointment with my fourth doctor.

Dr. Nguyen. A dermatologist.

My friend Carla from work had insisted: "She's different. She actually listens."

I'd heard that before. But I was desperate.

When Dr. Nguyen walked into the exam room, she didn't open her computer.

She pulled up a chair. Sat down. And said: "Tell me everything."

So I did.

I told her about the three years of getting worse with no explanation. The hair loss accelerating every month. The exhaustion so severe I'd fall asleep in my car during lunch. The three doctors who said "your iron is normal." The $500 I'd spent on biotin and collagen that did nothing. The brain fog so bad I'd forget words mid-sentence. The look on my daughter's face at field day.

When I finished, I expected her to sigh and reach for a prescription pad.

Instead, she picked up a marker.

She drew three connected arrows on the exam table paper.

"Your body isn't broken," she said. "It's starving."

"And that's why nothing you've tried has worked."

"Every doctor you've seen checked your hemoglobin — your circulating iron. And it looked fine."

"But none of them checked your ferritin — your iron STORAGE."

"Imagine your body is a house. Hemoglobin is the electricity running through the wires right now. Ferritin is the generator in the basement."

"Your lights are flickering, and every electrician you've called has said 'the wires look fine.' But nobody's gone to the basement to check if the generator is empty."

She explained that when ferritin drops, three systems collapse simultaneously.

Your hair follicles starve first — they need ferritin above 70 to function properly. Below that, they enter a starvation cycle. The growth phase shortens. The shedding accelerates. You're not losing hair because of stress or genetics. You're losing it because your follicles are starving.

Your mitochondria can't produce energy efficiently. That's why you feel like you're trying to breathe at altitude while standing at sea level. That's the gasping on the stairs. The brain fog. The falling asleep at lunch. Your body is running on empty.

And the standard treatment — ferrous sulfate — only absorbs at about 10 to 15 percent. The rest sits in your gut causing nausea and constipation. Even what absorbs can't convert into stored ferritin without the right cofactors.

"So you take iron for months. Your hemoglobin stays normal. Your doctor says you're fine."

"But your ferritin never moves. And your hair keeps falling out."

For the first time in three years, someone was explaining WHY my body was failing me.

Not just saying "your iron looks fine." Actually explaining the mechanism.

"So what do I do?" I asked.

"I could send you for iron infusions. They'll spike your ferritin fast. But at $800 to $1,600 per session, and without the cofactors to maintain your stores, most women crash back down within weeks."

"I could prescribe higher-dose ferrous sulfate. But you'll be nauseous, constipated, and your ferritin probably still won't move."

"The women who raise their ferritin and keep it up do something different."

"They fix all three systems at once: the absorption, the conversion, AND the storage."

She wrote on her prescription pad:

Iron bisglycinate (NOT ferrous sulfate — absorbs up to 4x better)

Vitamin C (for enhanced absorption)

Vitamin B6 + B12 + Methylfolate (for the conversion pathway into stored ferritin)

"Find something with ALL of these. Together. Not separately."

I went home and started searching.

Most supplements had iron. Maybe vitamin C.

Nothing had the complete conversion pathway.

Then I found a thread in a Facebook group for women with low ferritin.

The kind of group where women post their lab results at 2am and tell the truth about how desperate they are.

Dozens of comments. All about the same thing: FerraVital.

"Ferritin stuck at 9 for over a year. Hit 72 in ten weeks on this."

"I can actually get through a day without feeling like I'm dying. For the first time in years."

"The shedding stopped. I have baby hairs. I'm not even exaggerating. Baby hairs."

I checked the ingredients against Dr. Nguyen's list. It was all there. Every single thing she told me to find. In one capsule.

I'd already spent over $1,400 on ferrous sulfate, biotin, collagen, Floradix, doctor appointments where they told me I was "fine." Three years. Zero answers.

$35 for something that could actually fix the root cause? What did I have to lose besides another clump of hair?

I ordered it.

Day 3: No stomach pain. For the first time ever with iron.

Day 7: I woke up and didn't hit snooze. Not wired. Not caffeinated. Just... not exhausted. For the first time in years.

Day 14: Less hair in the shower drain. Noticeably less. I kept checking. I wasn't imagining it.

Day 21: The brain fog lifted. I followed an entire meeting without drifting.

Day 30: My husband said "You seem like yourself again." I didn't know what to say. Because he was right.

Day 45: My daughter asked me to go on a bike ride. I said yes. And I meant it. We rode for an hour. Something I couldn't do two months ago.

Three months later, I went back to Dr. Nguyen.

"Let's check your ferritin," she said.

I held my breath.

"74."

I burst into tears.

It had been stuck at 8 for three years. Through ferrous sulfate. Through Floradix. Through everything.

74.

She examined my scalp. "New growth along your hairline and your part. Your follicles are being fed again."

Six months later, I climbed a mountain.

Not a metaphor. An actual mountain. Over 14,000 feet.

I stood at the summit crying behind my goggles.

Because a year ago, I couldn't walk up one flight of stairs.

And now I was standing on top of a mountain.

I can run with my daughter without stopping.

I can hike with my husband on weekends again.

I can sit through meetings without my brain shutting off.

I got my life back. Not just my energy. Not just my hair. My entire life.

Here's what makes me furious.

Low ferritin affects tens of millions of women.

The lab range starts at 10 and doctors call 12 "normal."

But your hair needs 70+. Your mitochondria need 70+. Your brain needs 70+.

Millions of women are walking around feeling like they're suffocating at sea level and being told they're "fine."

The exhaustion isn't the problem. The hair loss isn't the problem. They're symptoms.

Fix the absorption, the conversion, and the storage — and the symptoms stop.

FerraVital has all of it. The exact nutrients your body needs to rebuild ferritin, feed your follicles, and fuel your cells.

👉 Try FerraVital Risk-Free for 90 Days

P.S. A year ago, I was pretending to check my phone at the bottom of a staircase so nobody would see me gasping for air.

Last month, I stood on top of a mountain.

Ferritin 8 → 74. One capsule before bed.

You don't have to keep living at altitude when you're standing at sea level.


{"id": "facebook_27968851612783491", "days": 2, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/4afdf8b06cb318e8daf0d81ac835acae78a985158cb8738c06551fea2ef644b4.png"}, "landing": "https://try.nivara-shop.com/listicle"}
After 15 years as a dermatologist, I watched Sarah sit in my office crying.

She'd spent two years trying to stop her hair falling out. Tried biotin. Tried collagen. Tried every expensive shampoo she could find.

Her doctor ran blood tests. Everything came back normal.

But her hair kept falling out in clumps.

I finally asked her the one question nobody else had:

"When was the last time someone checked your ferritin?"

She looked at me like I was speaking another language.

My name is Dr. Emma Chen. I'm a board-certified dermatologist and I've treated over 8,000 women with hair loss.

And here's what most doctors miss.

Sarah was 34. Healthy. Doing everything "right."

But her hair was falling out in clumps. Every morning. Clumps in the drain. Clumps on her brush. Her ponytail used to be thick. Now she could wrap her fingers around it twice. She'd stopped wearing it down because she could see her scalp.

And she was exhausted. The kind of tired where your whole body feels like cement. Crashing by 2pm. Coffee doing nothing.

Her doctor checked her iron. Said it was normal.

But she never checked her ferritin — her iron storage. That's a completely different number.

I tested it. The result came back: 13.

Normal range technically starts at 12. But hair needs ferritin above 70 to grow properly.

Sarah's hair wasn't falling out because of stress. It wasn't genetics.

Her hair was starving. And nobody had checked.

When ferritin drops too low, your body goes into survival mode. Your heart needs iron. Your brain needs iron.

Your hair? Not essential.

So your body steals iron from your follicles to keep you alive. That's why the shedding won't stop. That's why you're exhausted. Same cause.

I started testing ferritin on every woman who came in with hair loss.

Over twelve months, I tested 214 women. 187 had ferritin below 50.

87%.

All had been told they were "fine."

But here's where it gets worse.

Most iron supplements don't fix it.

Ferrous sulfate — the cheap kind doctors prescribe — only absorbs at 15%. The rest wrecks your stomach. Constipation. Nausea. And your ferritin barely moves.

Liquid iron — gentler, but doses are tiny. Women take it for months and their levels go up 3 points.

I saw it constantly. Women trying iron, getting sick or seeing no results, giving up. Hair still falling out.

Then I discovered why.

Iron bisglycinate absorbs 4x better with no stomach issues. But it needs vitamin C, B6 and B12 alongside it — otherwise your body can't store it as ferritin.

Most supplements have one or the other. Almost none have everything.

I spent weeks looking for something I could actually recommend.

That's when I found FerraVital.

Chelated iron bisglycinate. Vitamin C. B6. B12. Even wholefood beetroot iron. Everything the research says is needed. Nothing unnecessary.

I started recommending it to patients whose ferritin was stuck. The women who'd tried everything. The women who couldn't tolerate other iron.

Sarah was one of the first.

Week 4: The afternoon crashes stopped. She had energy past 2pm for the first time in years.

Week 6: The shedding slowed. She washed her hair and didn't see clumps in the drain. She wasn't terrified to brush it anymore.

Week 8: Baby hairs. Tiny ones at first, around her hairline. Then more.

Week 12: We tested again. Ferritin was 74.

Thirteen to seventy-four in twelve weeks.

She sat in my office and cried again. But different this time.

"I feel like myself again. I actually recognise myself."

I've now recommended FerraVital to over 400 women.

Michelle, 38: "My ferritin went from 16 to 71. My hair finally stopped falling out after two years."

Jessica, 42: "I'd given up on iron because it destroyed my stomach. This one didn't. My hair is thicker than it's been in years."

Rebecca, 29: "Three doctors told me it was stress. My ferritin was 11. Nobody checked."

The pattern is always the same.

Dismissed. Told they were fine. Watched their hair fall out and blamed themselves.

If your hair is falling out and you're exhausted all the time — your ferritin is probably in the teens.

That's not normal. That's not stress. That's not ageing.

Your hair is starving.

Don't wait until you can see your scalp.

Don't wait until you've cried more this year than the last five combined.

Don't wait until you don't recognise yourself anymore.

Link's below if you want to check it out.


{"id": "facebook_2079201036056589", "days": 2, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/1b58c044a28df0de061a24d8e1736dc23b22055144e8e4e57edd030103ef124e.png"}, "landing": "https://try.nivara-shop.com/listicle"}
Same woman. Same brush. Different ferritin.

Ferritin is your body's iron storage. It's what your hair follicles pull from to actually grow.

When it drops too low, your body goes into survival mode. It steals iron from your hair just to keep your organs running.

That's why your hair keeps falling out. Your follicles are starving.

Most doctors never check it. They test iron and call it "normal."

But iron and ferritin aren't the same thing. And that's why nothing you've tried has worked.

Not the biotin. Not the collagen. Not the expensive shampoos.

Once you fix ferritin, the shedding stops. The baby hairs come back. Your energy returns.

See the 5 reasons women are switching to this complete ferritin formula 👇


{"id": "facebook_1059835990357992", "days": 15, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/5e8f4199cb94812019f48ffafd6b78acf01c61c1022064cc78059f154cd508e8.webp"}, "landing": "https://try.nivara-shop.com/listicle"}
I was exhausted all the time and my hair was falling out in clumps.

I dreaded washing it. Every single time. Because I knew what was coming. Clumps in the drain. Clumps on my brush. Hair everywhere.

My ponytail used to be so thick. Now I could wrap my fingers around it twice. I started avoiding mirrors. Stopped wearing it down because I could see my scalp. I didn't even recognise myself anymore.

And the tiredness — god, the tiredness. My whole body felt like it was weighted down with cement. I'd wake up exhausted. Crash by 2pm. Coffee stopped doing anything months ago.

I thought I was just lazy. That something was just wrong with me.

I went to my doctor. She ran the standard blood tests. Told me my iron was ‘normal’.

But I knew something wasn't right. You don't lose hair like this and feel this tired for no reason.

So I paid for a private blood test myself. 

Turns out my ferritin (iron store) was 13. Thirteen.

My doctor still tried to call that "within normal range." 

But I looked it up — hair needs ferritin at 70 to actually grow. My hair was literally starving.

I tried to fix it on my own.

Ferrous sulfate first. The $15 one off Amazon that doctors always prescribe. It wrecked my stomach. Constipation. Nausea so bad I couldn't focus on work. And my hair? Still falling out.
Then I tried Floradix liquid iron. It didn't destroy my stomach like the pills. But I took it for months and my ferritin didn't budge. My hair kept getting thinner.
I stopped looking in mirrors. I couldn't handle watching it disappear.
Then I came across this dermatologist on TikTok talking about how common hair loss from low ferritin is.
She explained why most iron doesn't work. Ferrous sulfate only absorbs at like 15% (explains the constipation and nausea) and liquid iron doses are too small to make a difference.
She said what actually works is chelated iron bisglycinate. Absorbs 4x better with no stomach issues. But it needs to have vitamin C, B6 and B12 alongside it — otherwise your body can't absorb it and store it as ferritin.

So I went looking for something that had all of this.
That's when I found FerraVital.
It had all the ingredients she mentioned plus wholefood beetroot iron. Everything she said made sense. So I gave it one more shot.

Took the capsule every morning on an empty stomach as instructed. 

Week 4: I stopped needing my third cup of coffee. The afternoon crashes started to fade. I actually had energy past 2pm for the first time in years.

Week 6: The shedding slowed down. I washed my hair and didn't see huge clumps in the drain. I wasn't terrified to brush it anymore.

Week 8: Baby hairs. Tiny ones at first, around my hairline. Then more. I kept checking the mirror thinking I was imagining it.

Week 12: I got my levels checked again. Ferritin was 74.
Thirteen to seventy-four in twelve weeks.
My hair is really getting thick now. My energy’s returned. I feel like myself again.
I started reading reviews from other women taking it.
I wasn't alone.
Sarah: "My ferritin went from 11 to 68. My hair finally stopped falling out after two years."
Michelle: "I thought I was just a tired person. Turns out I was depleted. I feel like a completely different woman."
Jessica: "My doctor told me my levels were 'normal' at 18. I took matters into my own hands. Best decision I ever made."
The pattern was the same.
We'd all been dismissed. Told we were fine. Watched our hair fall out and blamed ourselves.
Sometimes I think about those two years.
My hair trying to tell me something was wrong.
Me not understanding.
Thinking I was lazy. Thinking I was broken. Thinking this was just who I was now.
If I'd known about ferritin earlier…
If I'd found something that actually worked sooner…
If I'd stopped trusting doctors who said I was "fine"...
But I can't change the past.
I can only share what I learned.
Your hair isn't falling out because of stress.
You're not exhausted because you're lazy.
You're not "just getting older."
Your body is starving for something. And that iron supplement you're taking? It's not giving you what you need.
Your body is trying to tell you something.
Don't wait until you can see your scalp.
Don't wait until you've cried more this year than the last five combined.
Don't wait until you don't recognise yourself anymore.
The solution exists. It's just not what your doctor has told you.
Link's below if you want to check it out.


{"id": "facebook_28593949280223832", "days": 2, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/fca22c71fd46b585913b45bf40cc53cf795f637abaed0489af0fa5f8a8886ecf.png"}, "landing": "https://nivara-shop.com/products/ferravital-ferritin-support"}
If your doctor said your ferritin was "normal" at 13. It's not.

That range was only designed to tell you if you're dying from anemia. 

Your body needs 70 for your hair to grow and your energy to work.

FerraVital has iron bisglycinate + B6, B12, folate, copper and lactoferrin. The complete system to actually raise ferritin.

Women are going from the teens to 70+ in 12 weeks. Hair stops falling out. Energy comes back.

90-day money-back guarantee if your ferritin doesn't improve.


{"id": "facebook_1529959139192813", "days": 1, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/b6ab26cb77eb66aeebee5bbfb61cfc30274dcd99b4ae2dd8b624235045157b2f.png"}, "landing": "https://nivara-shop.com/products/ferravital-ferritin-support"}
My patients kept asking which iron supplement to take. So I tested 6 of them myself.

Five were a waste of money, all failing for the same reason: they only use iron with none of the cofactors your body needs to actually store it. Without these, iron can’t convert to stored ferritin.

The brand that got it right surprised me. It wasn't the biggest name or the highest dose on the shelf.

Full breakdown 👇

👉 https://try.nivara-shop.com/iron-on-the-market

- Dr. Emma Chen
