{"id": "facebook_2496269970881279", "days": 65, "media": {"type": "video", "thumbnailUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/thumbnails/845929c867429d381358e545ec75e96bad9dd73ca313b2cc4218a7ae0d09c7eb.jpg", "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/video/ca78c6e8acbfe1adef62bc9e77fdb6d67e387f46ab43316cd47253f6dc42ec15.mp4"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano"}
I was diagnosed with IBS-D at 32. I'm 58 now. Turns out I never had IBS-D at all.

For twenty-six years, I "managed" a condition I didn't actually have.

Twenty-six years of Imodium that worked some days and failed others.

Twenty-six years of low-FODMAP diets that shrank my life one food at a time.

Twenty-six years of being handed a prescription and told to "learn to live with it."

I did everything they asked.

I kept a food diary for three years straight. Every meal. Every snack. Every symptom. Every bowel movement. I noted the time, my stress level, what I'd eaten the day before.

I did the low-FODMAP diet twice. Six weeks of no garlic, no onion, no wheat, no dairy, no apples, no honey. Plain chicken and rice while my husband ordered pizza.

When that didn't work, they tested me for celiac. Negative.

They sent me for a colonoscopy. Clean.

Endoscopy. Normal.

Blood work. Perfect.

"Everything looks fine," my gastroenterologist said. "It's IBS-D. We've ruled out everything else."

He handed me another Imodium prescription and told me to come back in six months.

I felt like a hypochondriac. Like maybe I was making it up. The tests were normal. The scopes were clean. But every single day, my body told me something was wrong.

The diarrhea would hit without warning. No pattern. No logic. Some days three times. Some days eight. I could eat the blandest thing imaginable and my body would still reject it.

By lunchtime, my stomach would be so bloated I looked six months pregnant. Hard. Tight. Painful. I'd press my fingers into my abdomen and wince.

I mapped out bathrooms everywhere I went. Every store. Every restaurant. Every friend's house. I couldn't sit through a film without knowing my escape route.

I stopped accepting dinner invitations. I never knew if I'd be okay or doubled over in cramps before the starters arrived. I felt like such a disappointment to my husband. He likes trying new restaurants. Different foods. We'd end up at the same boring safe places every time because of me.

I wore elastic waistbands to work because I couldn't predict what size I'd be by noon.

And every doctor just nodded. "That's IBS-D. Stress makes it worse. Have you tried managing your stress?"

I tried stress management. I tried yoga. I tried therapy. I tried gut-directed hypnotherapy at £200 a session because someone said it had clinical evidence.

I tried fourteen different probiotics. Digestive enzymes. Peppermint oil capsules. L-glutamine powder every morning.

Nothing worked. And the Imodium? Two tablets became three. Three became four. My body kept building tolerance while the medication got less reliable every month.

I started to believe this was just my body now. That I'd spend the rest of my life planning my entire existence around my toilet and declining invitations because I couldn't trust my own gut.

Then a neurogastroenterologist asked me a question no doctor ever had.

I'd found Dr. Sarah Mitchell through a gut health forum. Someone wrote: "If you are seeing a gastroenterologist and SIBO isn't being laid out for you, chances are their speciality isn't motility. Unfortunately, many people get sent to GIs who have a speciality in something other than what they need."

I booked a consultation. Sat in her office and told her everything.

She listened. Then she said:

"Have you ever been tested for SIBO?"

I almost laughed. "I've been scoped twice. They would have found something."

She shook her head. "Not necessarily. Colonoscopies and endoscopies don't test for bacterial overgrowth in the small intestine. Most gastroenterologists don't look for SIBO unless they specialise in motility. It's a massive blind spot in gastroenterology."

She ran a hydrogen breath test. Something no doctor had ever ordered in twenty-six years.

Three days later, she rang me.

"Your breath test came back positive for hydrogen-dominant SIBO. Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth."

I stared at the phone.

"You're telling me I've had a bacterial overgrowth for twenty-six years? And nobody checked?"

"It's one of the most common misdiagnoses in gastroenterology. A large subset of people diagnosed with IBS-D actually have SIBO."

Then she explained what had been happening inside me for over two decades.

"Bacteria that belong in your large intestine have migrated up into your small intestine where they don't belong. When they're there, they ferment carbohydrates prematurely — producing hydrogen gas way too high up in your digestive tract. That's your bloating. You wake up flat because the bacteria are less active overnight. Then you eat breakfast and they go to work."

She wasn't done.

"The diarrhea? That hydrogen speeds up your gut motility and pulls water into your intestines. Your gut knows something's wrong. It's been trying to move everything through faster for years. And the urgency — that constant feeling like you need to know where every bathroom is — that's the hydrogen accelerating everything past what your body can control."

"What about the fatigue?" I asked.

Because I was always tired. Bone tired. The kind of tired that sleep didn't fix.

"SIBO causes malabsorption," she said. "The bacteria damage the lining of your small intestine. You can't absorb nutrients properly. Everything you eat, the bacteria get first. Plus your immune system is running in the background 24/7, fighting a low-grade war it can't win. That's exhausting."

I went home and couldn't stop thinking about it.

I fell into a rabbit hole I wasn't prepared for.

I found forum posts from women who sounded exactly like me. Diagnosed with IBS-D. Tried every diet. Every supplement. Every specialist. Tests always clean. Then they addressed the bacterial overgrowth. And everything changed.

I called Dr. Mitchell the next morning: "Okay. What do I actually do?"

"Here's the thing," she said. "The standard treatment is Rifaximin — an antibiotic. But it kills bacteria indiscriminately. Good and bad. It might work temporarily, but the relapse rate is massive. Three weeks later, you're bloated again, and you think the treatment failed. But really, the overgrowth just came right back because you wiped out the good bacteria too."

"So what works?"

"A compound called carvacrol. It's found in concentrated oil of oregano — not the oregano you cook with. Therapeutic-grade oil of oregano with high carvacrol concentration. What's different about it is it targets the harmful bacteria causing the overgrowth without destroying the beneficial flora your gut needs to recover."

But — she held up a finger — there's a critical problem.

"SIBO damages the lining of your small intestine. When that lining is damaged, tablets and capsules can't be absorbed properly. Every pill you've swallowed for twenty-six years — every probiotic, every supplement, every digestive enzyme — your body couldn't use them. They were fighting against a system that couldn't process them."

"That's why liquid drops are essential. Oil of oregano in liquid drop form bypasses the malabsorption entirely. It absorbs directly. That's the difference."

She told me what to look for. High carvacrol concentration. Clean carrier oil. Third-party tested. Most of what's on the market is low-potency filler in cheap carrier oils. Useless.

I looked it up immediately.

60-day money-back guarantee. After twenty-six years of things that didn't help, what was one more try?

I started taking the drops daily.

On day four, something shifted.

Not dramatically. But I made it past lunchtime without the familiar pressure building in my gut. My abdomen wasn't rock-hard by 3pm.

That hadn't happened since I was in my early thirties.

By the end of week one, I realised I hadn't thought about my stomach in two full days.

Hadn't mapped a bathroom route before leaving the house. Hadn't checked my reflection sideways in the mirror.

By week two, the diarrhea slowed dramatically. Two or three normal bowel movements instead of eight urgent ones. Formed. Solid. No urgency. No cramping.

My husband noticed I stopped running to the toilet mid-conversation. He didn't say anything. Just watched me sit through an entire dinner without excusing myself once.

By week three, I woke up flat. And stayed flat. All day.

No bloating by lunchtime. No elastic waistband at work. No changing into pyjamas the moment I got home.

For the first time in twenty-six years, I wore a fitted dress without a cardigan hiding my stomach. I ate pasta at a restaurant and didn't spend the next three hours waiting to pay for it.

Week four: I put the Imodium in the back of the drawer. Didn't need it. My gut just… worked.

I don't have IBS-D. I never had IBS-D.

I had SIBO. For twenty-six years. And nobody thought to check.

If you've been diagnosed with IBS-D…

If you've tried the diets and the supplements and the Imodium and nothing has worked…

If your tests keep coming back normal but you know something is wrong…

If you feel like your life is shrinking around your toilet…

I'm not saying you definitely have SIBO.

But I spent twenty-six years treating a condition I didn't have while the real problem grew inside my small intestine.

Most oregano oil products on the market are garbage — low carvacrol content, cheap carrier oils, no standardisation. The potency that actually targets the overgrowth gets destroyed in standard manufacturing. Skip that step and the bacteria survive and you think the product failed. But really, you just never had the right concentration.

60-day money-back guarantee. If nothing changes, full refund.

But if it works?

If you wake up on day four and your stomach stays flat past lunchtime?

If by week two you stop planning bathroom routes?

If a month from now you're wearing fitted clothes and eating normally and finally living without planning your entire life around your gut?

You'll wish you started twenty-six years ago.

I know I do.

👉 https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano

You don't have to keep managing a condition you might not even have.


{"id": "facebook_1057455823457926", "days": 30, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/52cfd8401b741c1be7560304c388d3d7e69f00fe6dd754059eee477ac45c8b41.jpg"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano"}
I have had IBS-D my entire life until the last year. Severe diarrhea has become an issue. I wear pads to help (not full diapers). I feel the stool coming and can get to the restroom usually.

My name is Carol Johnson, I'm 68 years old, and I need to tell you about the moment that broke me completely.

Today was so bad it ran down both legs into my socks and shoes. I was in a grocery. So bad, the worst.

I was so embarrassed.

I've lived with IBS-D my entire life. My entire life. Over six decades of managing unpredictable bowels, bathroom mapping, and constant fear.

But this past year? Everything got worse.

The diarrhea became severe. Not just urgent — severe. The kind where I started wearing pads every single day just to feel safe enough to leave my house.

Not full diapers. Just pads. Because I can usually feel the stool coming and get to the restroom in time.

Usually.

But today wasn't usual.

I was at the grocery store. Just doing my normal shopping. I'd been there maybe fifteen minutes.

I was in the produce section when I felt it coming.

I started walking quickly toward the bathrooms at the back of the store.

But I didn't make it.

It happened right there. In the middle of the grocery store.

The stool ran down both legs. Into my socks. Into my shoes. Onto the grocery store floor.

I stood there frozen while other shoppers walked past.

A store employee came over with a mop. She was kind, but I could see it in her face.

I abandoned my cart. Walked to my car — leaving a trail behind me — and sat on the garbage bags I keep in my trunk.

I drove home sobbing.

When I got home, I threw away everything. My shoes. My socks. My pants. My underwear. The pads that didn't help.

And I sat on my bathroom floor and cried for two hours.

Because this is what my life has become at 68 years old.

I've dealt with IBS-D my entire life. But I never thought it would get THIS bad.

Here's what makes me so angry:

It doesn't even make sense.

Last Tuesday, I went to that exact same grocery store. Same time of day. I'd eaten the same breakfast. I was wearing my usual pads. I'd taken my Imodium the night before.

Shopped for thirty minutes. Came home. Completely fine.

Today? SAME breakfast. Same pads. Same Imodium.

Catastrophic accident in the produce aisle.

WHAT CHANGED?!

Nothing. Absolutely nothing changed except my body decided to completely betray me.

You know what the worst part is?

It's not even the accidents anymore.

It's the constant fear that it will happen again.

I can't go anywhere without that underlying terror. Every trip to the store. Every visit to see my grandkids. Every single time I leave my house.

I'm 68 years old and I'm wearing pads every day like I'm incontinent.

And even with the pads and the Imodium, I still have accidents.

Let me tell you what I've tried over the decades:

I've seen probably ten different gastroenterologists in my lifetime. Every single one said: "You have IBS-D. It's chronic. We'll manage it with diet and medication."

I've tried every diet modification you can imagine. Low-FODMAP for over a year. Eliminated dairy, gluten, onions, garlic, everything they told me to.

I've taken Imodium daily for years. Some days it works. Some days it doesn't. And the dose keeps creeping up. Two tablets became three. Three became four. My body builds tolerance and the medication gets less reliable every month.

I've spent thousands — probably over $15,000 at this point — on probiotics, supplements, doctor visits, prescription medications, treatments that led nowhere.

And this past year, as the severe diarrhea got worse, I started wearing pads every single day.

I'm STILL having accidents. Still living in constant fear. Still throwing away clothes in public bathrooms.

Three days ago, after the disaster at the grocery store, I made an appointment with a new specialist.

A neurogastroenterologist named Dr. Sarah Mitchell. Not a regular GI doctor — a specialist who focuses on gut motility disorders.

I sat in her office and told her everything:

"I've had IBS-D my entire life. This past year it's become severe. I wear pads every day. I take Imodium every night and it barely holds. I can usually feel the stool coming and get to the restroom, but not always. Today I had an accident at the grocery store. It ran down both legs into my socks and shoes. It was the worst, most embarrassing moment of my life. I've tried everything doctors told me to try. Nothing works. I'm 68 years old and I can't even go grocery shopping without having an accident."

I expected her to suggest yet another diet modification or prescription medication.

But Dr. Mitchell surprised me.

She said: "Carol, in your entire lifetime with IBS-D, has anyone ever tested you for SIBO? Has anyone ever checked whether there's a bacterial overgrowth in your small intestine?"

I just stared at her.

"No. Everyone just says it's IBS-D. That I have a sensitive digestive system. That some people just have more severe cases."

She pulled up a diagram on her screen.

"Carol, your small intestine has a cleaning mechanism called the migrating motor complex. It sweeps bacteria down into your large intestine where they belong. But when that mechanism gets damaged — often from food poisoning or gut infections — bacteria migrate upward. They colonise your small intestine. And once they're there, they start fermenting carbohydrates prematurely — producing hydrogen gas way too high up in your digestive tract."

I felt tears starting.

"That hydrogen speeds up your gut motility. That's why the urgency is so extreme — your gut is moving everything through faster than your body can handle. It pulls water into the intestines — that's why the stool is loose and watery. Your colon isn't just being 'sensitive.' It's being flooded with gas, water, and partially processed food from an overgrowth that nobody ever looked for."

"Are you telling me I've had a bacterial overgrowth my entire life? For 68 years?"

She nodded slowly.

"It's called SIBO — Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth. Studies show a large subset of people with severe IBS-D and urgency actually have SIBO. Your body gives you the warning signal — that's the 'feeling the stool coming' sensation. But the evacuation is so urgent and severe because the hydrogen is accelerating everything. Even wearing pads can't prevent accidents because of the sheer volume and speed."

"Then why hasn't anyone tested me for this? Why have I seen TEN different GI doctors over my entire life and not ONE of them mentioned SIBO?"

Dr. Mitchell sighed.

"Because standard IBS protocols don't include SIBO testing. Most gastroenterologists are trained to treat symptoms — prescribe Imodium, recommend low-FODMAP, try prescription medication. SIBO isn't part of the typical diagnostic workup. It's a massive blind spot in gastroenterology. If your GI specialist doesn't specialise in motility, chances are they'll never bring it up."

I sat there completely stunned.

My entire lifetime of suffering. And it was a bacterial overgrowth the whole time.

Dr. Mitchell continued: "Here's why the dietary changes didn't work for you. Eliminating trigger foods helps if certain foods are the primary problem. But if bacteria are fermenting your food BEFORE it's properly digested, eliminating foods doesn't address the root cause. The bacteria find other things to ferment. That's why your safe foods list keeps shrinking. That's why you can eat the same breakfast and have completely different results — some days the bacteria are more active than others."

"And here's why the Imodium gave inconsistent results. It slows gut motility. But if the bacteria are still producing hydrogen and flooding your intestines with water, slowing things down doesn't prevent the severe urgency when the pressure builds past what the Imodium can hold. Some days the dose is enough. Other days it isn't. That's the unpredictability. And your body builds tolerance — so the dose keeps creeping up while the overgrowth underneath keeps growing."

"So what do I do?" I asked, feeling desperate after a lifetime of this.

She said: "You need to target the bacterial overgrowth directly. A compound called carvacrol — found in concentrated oil of oregano — has powerful antimicrobial properties that target the harmful bacteria causing the overgrowth without destroying the beneficial flora your gut needs."

"But here's the critical thing, Carol. SIBO damages the lining of your small intestine. When that lining is damaged, tablets and capsules can't be absorbed properly. Every pill you've swallowed over the decades — every probiotic, every supplement — your body couldn't use them."

"Oil of oregano in liquid drop form bypasses the malabsorption entirely. It doesn't need to be broken down by a damaged gut. It absorbs directly. That's the difference."

She told me what to look for:

High carvacrol concentration — not the diluted oregano oil you find everywhere.
Clean carrier oil — not cheap filler.
Third-party tested for purity.
Standardised potency.

"Find a high-quality oil of oregano drops formula," she said. "Take it daily. I genuinely think this is going to change your life."

I went home and spent hours researching oil of oregano products.

Most were garbage. Low carvacrol content. Cheap carrier oils. No third-party testing. No standardisation. One brand actually made me nauseous because it was so poorly formulated.

Then I found one that had everything Dr. Mitchell said I needed:

High-potency carvacrol.
Clean carrier oil.
Third-party tested.
Proper clinical dosing.

I ordered it immediately.

When it arrived, I was terrified to try it. After a lifetime of failed treatments, I couldn't afford to get my hopes up again.

But I took my first dose that evening.

The next morning, something was different.

I ate breakfast. Took my drops.

I put on my usual pads — because I was too scared not to.

And I went to the grocery store. The same store where I'd had that catastrophic accident just days before.

I walked through the store. Started shopping.

Ten minutes in — right around when I'd normally start feeling dread — nothing happened.

Twenty minutes in. Still nothing.

I finished my entire shopping trip. Checked out. Loaded groceries into my car.

No urgency. No feeling the stool coming. No accident. No emergency.

I sat in my car and cried.

Because for the first time in as long as I could remember, I'd gone to the grocery store and felt... safe.

By the end of the first week, something remarkable happened:

I was going about my day without constantly monitoring my gut. Without that underlying panic I've carried my entire life.

Week two: I went to the grocery store three times. No accidents. No emergencies. No severe urgency.

Week three: I stopped wearing pads. For the first time in over a year, I felt confident enough to leave the house without them.

Week four: I accepted a lunch invitation from friends. Actually sat through the entire meal without excusing myself. No urgency. No fear.

I wasn't living in constant terror anymore.

I wasn't wearing pads every day.

I wasn't having accidents.

I wasn't taking Imodium.

I was just... living normally.

For the first time in my entire 68 years.

That was ten weeks ago.

I'm still taking my oil of oregano drops every day.

And I haven't had a single accident since I started.

Not one.

The severe diarrhea that got so bad this past year? Gone.

The accidents that made me start wearing pads? Gone.

The constant fear and embarrassment? Gone.

The Imodium I was dependent on for years? Back of the drawer. Haven't touched it.

My daughter said to me last week: "Mum, I haven't seen you this relaxed in... I don't even know how long. You seem like a different person."

Dr. Mitchell told me she's now recommending oil of oregano drops to other patients with severe IBS-D and urgency who test positive for SIBO.

Within 4-6 weeks, the majority of them report significant improvement in urgency and accidents.

Listen. If you've been dealing with severe IBS-D — if you're wearing pads to feel safe, if you've had accidents in public, if you feel the stool coming but can't always make it in time — I need you to understand something:

This might not be "just IBS."

This might not be something you have to live with forever.

This might be SIBO — a bacterial overgrowth that no doctor has ever tested you for.

I wasted my entire lifetime being told it was just IBS and I had to manage it.

Don't waste another year.

And there's a 60-day money-back guarantee.

If you don't notice real improvement — if you're still having severe urgency and accidents — full refund. No questions asked.

You literally only pay if it actually works.

I'm 68 years old. I thought I'd be wearing pads and having accidents for the rest of my life. That the embarrassment and fear were things I'd have to accept forever.

I was wrong.

👉 https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano

P.S. I've tried every diet modification. I've taken Imodium daily for years. I could eat the same breakfast and have completely different results. It wasn't about trigger foods or managing better. It was about bacteria in my small intestine that nobody ever looked for. Don't waste your lifetime on treatments that just mask symptoms when the real problem is the overgrowth.


{"id": "facebook_1056905340370253", "days": 30, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/193ba8be013df9f66548815e1f2bcab26178d94cf27eae3cb98f80df9d00ae6e.png"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/pages/ooo-mz6t"}
My mother took Imodium for twelve years. Her diarrhea was managed at every single checkup. When she died from complications of chronic malabsorption at 63, I asked her gastroenterologist how that was possible. What she told me changed everything I thought I knew about anti-diarrhea pills.

Because three months ago, I was standing in the same spot my mother stood. Same pills on the counter. Same doctor pushing them. And I almost filled the prescription without asking the one question that would have saved my mother's life.

My diarrhea was hitting 8-10 bowel movements a day. Explosive. Urgent. My doctor didn't hesitate. "We've watched this long enough. I'm starting you on daily Imodium."

Eight minutes. That's how long the appointment lasted. She heard "diarrhea," wrote it down, and told me to come back in three months.

But my husband works in healthcare administration and he wouldn't let it go. "Your doctor checks whether the diarrhea slows down," he said. "That's output on a chart. A functional medicine specialist checks what's happening inside your gut. Those are two different things. Before you start that pill, I want someone looking at what's actually broken."

The specialist spent an hour with me. Not eight minutes. She ran tests my regular doctor had never ordered — detailed gut analysis, bacterial diversity testing, small intestinal assessment, inflammatory markers. She checked things my gastroenterologist had never checked in six years of appointments.

When she came back with the results, she wasn't smiling.

"Your bowel frequency says 8-10 times a day. That tells me one thing — the output is fast. But these tests tell me something your bowel frequency can't."

She turned the screen toward me. Graphs. Color-coded charts. Bacterial population data.

"This is your hydrogen-producing bacterial load. The pathogenic bacteria that have overgrown in your small intestine — the ones that are speeding up your gut motility and drawing water into your intestines."

She pointed at a range on the chart. "A healthy woman your age should be here."

She pointed at another range. Much higher. "You're here. This level of bacterial overgrowth in the small intestine is what we see in patients who've had untreated SIBO for years. Your doctors have been calling it IBS-D the entire time."

I stared at her. "But my doctor said the diarrhea was the problem. If we slow it down with Imodium—"

"The diarrhea is the last thing to change," she said. "The bacterial overgrowth has been building in your small intestine for years — probably more than a decade — before your bowel movements became this urgent. The diarrhea your doctor is reacting to? That's the end of the process. Not the beginning."

She let that settle.

"Think about it. Your diarrhea didn't jump to 10 times a day overnight. It crept. Once a day became twice. Then three times. Then five. Then eight. Over years. Your doctor watched it worsen and said 'try a low-FODMAP diet' until it crossed a threshold. Then she reached for Imodium."

"But what was happening inside your gut during those years? The bacterial overgrowth was already well underway. The SIBO I'm measuring today didn't start when you hit 10 bowel movements. It started a decade before that."

"Your bowel frequency is the surface," she said. "What I'm seeing underneath it is ten years ahead of what that number suggests."

I felt sick. "So what does Imodium do?"

She was direct.

"Imodium slows gut motility. Waste moves slower — not because the bacteria stopped producing hydrogen. Your doctor sees fewer bowel movements and says 'working well, keep taking it.'"

She paused.

"But it doesn't eliminate the bacterial overgrowth. It doesn't stop the hydrogen production. It doesn't address the reason your gut is in emergency evacuation mode in the first place. The output slows on paper. The bacteria — what I'm seeing on these tests — continue to overgrow. And they keep damaging the lining of your small intestine with every meal. The malabsorption gets worse. Your body absorbs fewer nutrients. And over time, the systemic damage compounds."

She looked at me. "The Imodium is like repainting a house with a crumbling foundation. From the outside, everything looks fine. You're going less. But the structure underneath keeps collapsing."

And that's when I understood what happened to my mother.

She'd been on Imodium for twelve years. Started at 52 — two tablets daily. Her doctor called it "the standard approach for chronic IBS-D." Said it was simple. Safe for long-term use. She'd probably need it indefinitely, but that was fine.

The dependency came within the first year. Not dramatic. Gradual. She'd take it, go less frequently. Miss a day, the floodgates opened. "I guess I just need it consistently now."

By year three, two tablets wasn't enough. Her doctor increased the dose. "Your body adjusted. Totally normal."

By year five, they added an anti-spasmodic. "Just to keep things calm."

And the bloating. God, the bloating.

This was a woman who used to walk three miles every morning. Who hosted Sunday dinner for nine people. Who organized every family holiday without breaking a sweat.

By 57, her stomach swelled up every afternoon like she was six months pregnant. She stopped tucking in her blouses. Stopped wearing anything fitted. Just loose dresses and stretchy pants over that distended belly.

The brain fog crept in around year four. Forgetting things. Losing conversations mid-sentence. Falling asleep at the table. My father would cover her with a blanket on the couch at 7 PM and eat dinner alone.

The exhaustion was relentless. Not tiredness — starvation. Her damaged small intestine couldn't absorb nutrients. The B12, the iron, the amino acids her body needed to function were being stolen before her body could use them. Her body was slowly shutting down from the inside while every checkup said she was "managed."

She died at 63. The years of chronic malabsorption had ravaged her body. Her organs were starved. Her immune system was compromised. By the end she couldn't get out of bed. Couldn't eat without her body rejecting everything. The bacterial overgrowth had been destroying her intestinal lining for over a decade while every doctor said the Imodium was working.

Twelve years of managed movements. Twelve years of escalating doses. Twelve years of her doctor saying "the Imodium is working."

And she died while being managed.

I told the specialist. She was quiet.

"That's unfortunately common," she said. "The Imodium managed her output for twelve years. But the bacterial overgrowth — the root cause — continued the entire time. Her gut looked like it was slowing down. The bacteria producing the hydrogen were thriving underneath. The intestinal lining was getting more damaged every year. The malabsorption was getting more severe. That's the gap the Imodium can't close."

There it was. The answer to the question I'd carried since I was 41 years old, standing in a hospital hallway being told my mother was gone.

Her output was managed for twelve years. And she still died of the thing the medication was supposed to prevent.

Now a specialist was telling me why.

"So what do I do?" I asked. "Is the Imodium the only option?"

She said I had two paths.

Path one: start the Imodium. The output slows. Going less frequently at every checkup. "But the bacterial overgrowth continues underneath," she said. "And over time, the dose increases. Maybe anti-spasmodics added. The output stays managed. The bacteria keep thriving. The gut lining keeps dying. The malabsorption keeps getting worse."

Path two: actually address why bacteria have overgrown in my small intestine.

"How?" I asked.

She explained:

Your gut doesn't produce explosive diarrhea randomly. The urgency happens because hydrogen-producing bacteria have overgrown in your small intestine. They ferment carbohydrates prematurely, producing gas higher up in your digestive tract than normal. That hydrogen literally speeds up gut motility and draws water into your intestines.

"When those bacteria overgrow," she said, "they flood your gut with hydrogen every time you eat. Your body goes into emergency evacuation mode. That's what the urgency IS — not a motility problem, but a bacterial problem."

"Imodium slows the motility," she said. "The frequency improves on paper. But it doesn't eliminate the bacteria. And it doesn't stop the hydrogen production. And it doesn't repair the intestinal lining the bacteria are destroying. Your gut becomes dependent on the chemical slowdown instead of recovering its own function."

"Your mother was on that slowdown for twelve years. Her output was managed. Her bacteria kept thriving. The intestinal damage kept progressing. The malabsorption kept getting worse. The Imodium was managing her. It wasn't healing her."

Managing. Not healing.

That's what my mother was for twelve years.

"Is there a way to actually eliminate the overgrowth?" I asked.

She said the most effective natural compound for selectively targeting hydrogen-producing bacteria in the small intestine is carvacrol — the primary bioactive compound in oil of oregano.

I almost laughed. "Oregano? My doctor wants me on Imodium and you're telling me about oregano?"

She pulled up research on her screen. "Research-backed studies have shown herbal protocols including oil of oregano to be at least as effective as prescription antibiotics for SIBO. With fewer side effects. Carvacrol disrupts the cell membranes of the hydrogen-producing pathogenic bacteria while showing significantly less impact on beneficial Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium strains."

"It's the same target the Imodium aims at — getting your gut to stop the explosive diarrhea. But instead of chemically overriding your motility every 24 hours, the carvacrol eliminates the bacteria that are producing the hydrogen in the first place. You're removing the cause, not masking the symptom."

But — she held up a finger — most oregano oil supplements are useless for this.

Diluted capsules. Barely any carvacrol. And in capsule form — which can't get absorbed through a gut lining that's already been damaged by years of bacterial overgrowth. The studies used high-potency carvacrol. In liquid form. Bypassing the damaged intestinal wall entirely. Direct contact with the overgrowth.

She said most supplements on the market are the gut equivalent of oregano-flavored olive oil. Below the threshold. The math doesn't work.

So I started looking. Most were garbage. Diluted. Capsule form. Wrong delivery.

First brand — Amazon, highest rated. Six weeks. Nothing changed. Checked the label: barely any carvacrol, capsule form, no real active compound.

Second brand — health food store, "premium." Eight weeks. Nothing. Still diluted. Still in capsules that couldn't get past my damaged gut lining.

Third brand — supplement store, most expensive. Four weeks. Still 8-10 bowel movements a day.

I was running out of time. My follow-up with my regular doctor was three weeks away. She was going to ask if I'd started the Imodium.

After the third brand failed, I found Nutrition Therapy Oil of Oregano Drops. High-potency carvacrol in liquid form for higher absorption. Also contains black seed oil, which research shows disrupts harmful bacteria's ability to reproduce and supports the body in flushing out toxic debris. Research-backed dosage. Just 2 dropperfuls a day. Made with natural ingredients. Antibiotic free. No prescription needed.

I started taking them daily. Two dropperfuls every morning. Never started the Imodium.

First two weeks: I tracked everything. Still going frequently at first. But something was different — the urgency was easing. Less explosive. Less desperate. A gentle settling underneath the chaos. I wasn't trusting it yet.

Week three: Went twice in one day. Normal. Formed. No urgency. No sprint. Just sat down and it happened. Naturally. This wasn't noise anymore.

My husband noticed before I said anything. Not the frequency. The bloating. "Your stomach looks different," he said one evening. "Less swollen." He was right. The distension that had been my baseline was fading.

Week four: Going once or twice a day. Normal. Below the threshold of chronic diarrhea for the first time in two years.

I sat at the kitchen table and put my head in my hands. Not from pain. From relief.

Week five — the day before my follow-up.

Went that morning. Naturally. Completely normally.

My doctor asked about bowels. I told her. Going once or twice a day. Normal consistency. No urgency. No Imodium.

She pulled up my chart. Previous visit: 8-10 bowel movements a day, Imodium recommended.

"You didn't start the Imodium?"

"No."

Her head came up. "No?"

"I found something else. Oil of oregano drops. High-potency carvacrol. Liquid form. Targets the bacterial overgrowth in the small intestine."

Long silence.

"If this holds, we can revisit the Imodium conversation. Continue what you're doing. I want to see you in three months."

I walked out. Sat in my car. Called my husband.

"Normal movements. No Imodium. She said continue."

He exhaled. "You did it."

"I did it."

Two weeks later I went back to the specialist. She ran the assessment again.

Hydrogen-producing bacterial load: significantly reduced. Intestinal lining: showing signs of healing. Inflammatory markers: improving toward healthy range.

She looked at the results. Then at me.

"Your gut ecosystem is restoring in ways I didn't think possible after this level of overgrowth. Not just the output — the function. This is what restoration looks like. Not management."

Not management. Restoration.

That was four months ago.

My gut this morning? Working perfectly. Every single day. Natural. Easy. No Imodium. No bloating. No brain fog. No planning my day around whether my gut would cooperate.

Latest assessment: bacterial overgrowth resolving. Gut lining healing. Malabsorption improving. My specialist says my gut function is better than it's been in a decade.

Last month my husband and I hiked a trail we used to do years ago. Seven miles. I wasn't bloated. Wasn't exhausted. Wasn't calculating bathroom locations.

He took a photo at the overlook. Me smiling. Actually smiling.

My specialist told me that if I'd started the Imodium — managing the output while the bacterial overgrowth continued — I'd be following the same trajectory she sees in most patients.

"Your mother's story isn't unusual," she said. "It's the standard outcome when you manage the output without addressing the cause."

My mother managed output for twelve years. Her bacteria kept thriving underneath. Her intestinal lining kept getting destroyed. The malabsorption starved her body of everything it needed. She died on the medication at 63.

I fixed the cause. In four months my gut is healthier than it's been in a decade.

If you're reading this, you're where I was.

Your gut is in chaos. Your doctor wants you on Imodium. Maybe she's already written it. Maybe you've been putting off starting. Maybe you're already on it and watching the dose creep up.

Here's what nobody told me until a specialist sat down for an hour and explained it:

Your diarrhea isn't the disease. It's the last symptom of a bacterial overgrowth that started a decade before your bowel frequency changed. Bacteria have been overgrown in your small intestine — producing hydrogen, speeding up motility, drawing water into your intestines, damaging your gut lining, creating malabsorption. That overgrowth has been progressing silently for years. The explosive diarrhea your doctor is reacting to is the end of that process, not the beginning.

Imodium slows the output. It does not eliminate bacteria. It does not stop hydrogen production. It does not repair the gut lining. It manages a frequency while the foundation continues to die.

My mother proved where that path leads.

Nutrition Therapy Oil of Oregano Drops. High-potency carvacrol in liquid form for higher absorption. Also contains black seed oil. Research-backed dosage. Just 2 dropperfuls a day. Made with natural ingredients. Antibiotic free. No prescription needed.

60-day money-back guarantee. Free shipping. Free mystery gift worth $32.99.

Track your movements. Same time every morning. When the frequency starts normalizing naturally — bring the results to your doctor.

That's what I did. My doctor saw normal movements where she expected to see continued chaos. She didn't argue. She didn't push Imodium. She said "continue what you're doing."

Movements don't argue.

Don't wait until the managed output path is the only path left. Don't follow the same road my mother followed for twelve years.

She managed output. I fixed the cause.

👉 https://nutritiontherapy.co/pages/ooo-mz6t

— Sarah

P.S. — I saw consistent improvement by week three. My doctor agreed to hold off on Imodium at week five. My specialist confirmed gut restoration at week seven. Your timeline may vary — but the 60-day guarantee means you risk nothing finding out.

P.P.S. — My mother spent twelve years on Imodium. Managed output. Declining gut function. Died at 63 from a body the medication was supposed to be protecting. A specialist showed me what the medication was doing — and what it wasn't doing. Four months later, my gut is healthier than it's been in a decade. No Imodium. Just the targeted antimicrobial my gut was missing.

👉 https://nutritiontherapy.co/pages/ooo-mz6t


{"id": "facebook_2302734377164015", "days": 51, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/e2c6b20d7ab2bb8086944e01a42c4160b8afce3b8273314e575d6fc7346d9d0a.png"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/ooo-ibs-m"}
If you've been on the low-FODMAP diet for 6+ months, eliminated every trigger food down to eating plain chicken and white rice, and you're STILL bloated and swinging between constipation and diarrhea every single week — while your gastroenterologist tells you to "just keep avoiding triggers"...

I'm about to show you why restriction isn't the answer and what's actually keeping you sick.

And by the end of this, you're gonna be pissed.

Because there are three things happening right now:

One — Your gut has bacterial overgrowth that's fermenting EVERYTHING you eat, so eliminating foods is just treating symptoms, not the cause.

Two — The medical system is selling you diet apps and FODMAP coaching instead of addressing why bacteria migrated to your small intestine in the first place.

And three — There's a billion-dollar low-FODMAP industry that profits from keeping you restricted and miserable instead of teaching you how to actually clear the overgrowth.

So let me tell you what happened with my sister, because our story is gonna open your eyes to why you can't diet your way out of SIBO.

For YEARS — and I mean like six straight years — my sister was a prisoner of the low-FODMAP diet.

Started with her gastroenterologist after her colonoscopy and endoscopy came back "normal."

"It's IBS-M," he said. "Avoid high-FODMAP foods. Onions, garlic, beans, most fruits, wheat, dairy. Here's a list. Take a laxative when you're constipated, Imodium when you're not."

She followed it religiously. Downloaded the FODMAP tracking app. Meal prepped every Sunday. Read every label. Avoided restaurants because cross-contamination was too risky.

Month 1: The swings settled maybe 20%. Still constipated for days, then rushing to the bathroom three or four times when it flipped. Still bloated by lunchtime.

Month 3: Added more restrictions. Cut out all lactose. All fructose. All polyols. Symptoms down another 10%. Still unpredictable.

Month 6: Eliminated resistant starches. No sweet potatoes. No cold rice. No reheated pasta. Slightly better. Still having bad days.

Month 12: Down to 15 "safe" foods. Plain chicken. White rice. Carrots. Zucchini. Eggs. Spinach. That's basically it.

And you know what? She was STILL swinging between constipation and diarrhea. Every. Single. Week.

Not as bad as before, sure. But her stomach would still bloat by lunchtime. She'd still get urgency after meals. She'd still have to leave the room to pass gas because she couldn't trust her own body.

After a full year of the most restrictive eating you can imagine, she was STILL constipated for days then rushing to the bathroom with no warning. Still taking a laxative for the constipation and Imodium for the diarrhea on top of the diet — and building tolerance. Two tablets became three. Three became four.

Her gastroenterologist said: "Well, you've made progress. Some people just have to stay on low-FODMAP permanently to manage symptoms."

Permanently.

She was 54 years old and being told she'd never eat normally again. That avoiding garlic and onions for the rest of her life was her "management strategy."

And here's what destroyed her: It wasn't even working that well.

She'd eliminated 90% of foods. She was eating like someone with severe allergies. And she was STILL bloated. STILL swinging between constipation and diarrhea. STILL mapping every bathroom.

I'd watch her stare at the dinner table — full of food her husband was enjoying that was "forbidden" to her — and just cry.

Garlic bread. Pasta. A glass of wine. A normal meal at a restaurant. Eating at her daughter's house without bringing her own food in Tupperware.

All gone.

She told me once, voice breaking: "I feel like such a disappointment to my husband. He likes trying different foods. New restaurants. We end up at the same boring safe places every time because of me. What happens when I run out of things to restrict? I keep eliminating more foods and I'm STILL sick."

That's when I realized: This isn't a diet problem. This is a bacterial overgrowth problem that restriction can't fix.

So at this point, I'm furious.

Because I'm watching my sister — who's following the low-FODMAP diet perfectly, tracking every food, avoiding every trigger — stay sick. Not getting better. Just less sick than she was.

And that's when I started asking questions that nobody wants you to ask:

Why are gastroenterologists pushing permanent dietary restriction instead of treating the bacterial overgrowth causing the symptoms?

Why do they act like "managing IBS-M with diet" is a solution when you're still swinging between constipation and diarrhea on 15 foods?

And why does nobody ever talk about ELIMINATING the bacteria so you can eat normally again?

So I went down a rabbit hole. And I mean a DEEP rabbit hole.

I started researching why someone could eliminate every high-FODMAP food and still be swinging between constipation and diarrhea — and every mainstream medical site was giving me the same useless answers. "Some foods are hidden triggers. You need to restrict more. Try the carnivore diet."

But then I found research from a neurogastroenterologist — someone who actually studies BACTERIAL CLEARANCE instead of just symptom management through diet.

And she mentioned something that completely changed everything I thought I knew about IBS-M and FODMAPs.

Low-FODMAP reduces symptoms by starving bacteria of their preferred foods. But it doesn't eliminate the bacteria. They just adapt and ferment whatever you ARE eating — even your "safe" foods.

Now pause for a second.

You know what's insane?

Everyone talks about low-FODMAP like it's an IBS-M treatment. Gastroenterologists prescribe it. Dietitians build entire practices around it. Apps and meal plans and coaching programs.

But nobody — and I mean NOBODY — ever taught us that low-FODMAP is symptom management, not bacterial elimination.

You're not fixing SIBO. You're just reducing how much gas the bacteria produce by limiting their favorite fuel sources.

And that's not an accident.

Because once you understand what SIBO actually is, you realize that restricting FODMAPs doesn't address the root problem: bacteria colonizing your small intestine where they don't belong.

Here's what actually happens when you have SIBO:

Bacteria from your large intestine have migrated UP into your small intestine. They ferment carbohydrates prematurely — producing gas way too high up in your digestive tract. And here's the part that explains your swings: they make two different gases.

The hydrogen speeds up gut motility and pulls water into the intestines. That's the diarrhea. That's the urgency. That's the watery stool.

The methane does the exact opposite. It acts like an off-switch for your gut muscles, slowing the whole conveyor belt to a crawl. That's the constipation. That's the straining. That's the days nothing moves and you never feel empty.

When your gut is making both at once, it swings between the two. That's the back-and-forth. That's IBS-M.

High-FODMAP foods — onions, garlic, beans, wheat — are rapidly fermentable. Bacteria break them down fast and produce massive amounts of gas quickly.

When you eliminate high FODMAPs, you're removing the bacteria's preferred fuel. So they produce less gas. Your symptoms decrease somewhat. You feel somewhat better.

But the bacteria are still there. They're still fermenting the "safe" foods you ARE eating — white rice, chicken, carrots, even zucchini. Just slower.

That's why you're still bloated on low-FODMAP. That's why you're still swinging between constipation and diarrhea. The bacteria haven't gone anywhere. They're just producing gas at a slower rate from whatever you give them.

And here's the kicker: The longer you restrict FODMAPs, the more your gut deteriorates. Your microbiome diversity crashes because you're not feeding beneficial bacteria. Your gut lining gets more damaged because the bacterial overgrowth is still there causing inflammation. You develop new food sensitivities to things that never bothered you before.

So you get:

Swings that improve 30-40% but never resolve completely

A safe foods list that keeps shrinking as bacteria adapt

Bloating that's less severe but never goes away

Increasing food sensitivities as your gut lining takes more damage

Social isolation because you can't eat at restaurants or friends' houses

Nutritional deficiencies from eliminating entire food groups

Years of your life spent tracking foods and avoiding triggers

A gut that gets WORSE over time because the overgrowth entrenches deeper

Complete loss of hope that you'll ever eat normally again

And here's the part that made my blood boil:

The medical system KNOWS low-FODMAP doesn't eliminate SIBO. It's documented in gastroenterology research. They know it's symptom management, not treatment.

In a Johns Hopkins study, 63.4% of patients tested for SIBO came back positive. A meta-analysis of 50 studies found SIBO prevalence of up to 53.3% in IBS patients. The research is right there.

But most gastroenterologists don't test for it. They don't order breath tests. They don't specialize in motility.

Why?

Because there's no pharmaceutical money in teaching SIBO patients to eliminate bacteria naturally.

You can't make billions off telling someone to clear the overgrowth so they can eat normally again.

There IS money in keeping you on low-FODMAP apps, FODMAP-certified products, dietitian appointments, meal planning services, laxative and Imodium prescriptions, and repeat gastroenterologist visits for the REST OF YOUR LIFE.

See how that works?

So I kept researching. I'm reading SIBO studies now. Gastroenterology journals. Published clinical trials.

And I found the study that changed everything.

Johns Hopkins University. Published in Global Advances in Health and Medicine.

Herbal antimicrobials including oregano oil achieved a 46% SIBO clearance rate on follow-up breath testing. The leading prescription antibiotic for SIBO achieved only 34%.

The herbs outperformed the drug.

And 57.1% of patients who FAILED that antibiotic then cleared their SIBO using herbal therapy as rescue treatment.

The prescription antibiotic failed them. The herbs didn't.

The compound that does the work? Carvacrol. Found in concentrated, therapeutic-grade oil of oregano.

Carvacrol — alongside a second compound called thymol — has been shown across 10+ independent studies to disrupt the cell membranes of the harmful bacteria causing the overgrowth. Unlike the antibiotic that carpet-bombs everything — good and bad — carvacrol targets the harmful bacteria while preserving the beneficial strains your gut needs to recover.

But here's the part that changed the game for my sister — the thing that explains why nothing she'd taken for six years had worked:

SIBO damages the lining of your small intestine. When that lining is damaged, tablets and capsules can't be absorbed properly. Every probiotic, every supplement, every digestive enzyme she swallowed — her body couldn't use any of them.

Oil of oregano in liquid drop form, held under the tongue, bypasses the malabsorption entirely. Absorbs directly. Doesn't need to be broken down by a damaged gut.

This is what allows the carvacrol to actually REACH the bacteria — instead of passing through a damaged system unused.

But you'll never hear a FODMAP dietitian mention it. They want you on meal plans forever, not eating normally in a few weeks.

So my sister finally sees a neurogastroenterologist who actually understands bacterial elimination instead of dietary restriction.

Dr. Sarah Mitchell. Specializes in gut motility disorders.

And this woman takes one look at her history — six years on low-FODMAP, eating only 15 foods, still symptomatic — and says exactly what I'd been reading:

"Low-FODMAP is a band-aid. It reduces symptoms by limiting bacterial fuel, but it doesn't eliminate the bacteria. They're still there, still fermenting whatever you eat, still damaging your gut. We need to TARGET them with antimicrobials that actually reach the small intestine — then you can eat normally again."

She runs a breath test — something no doctor had ordered in six years. Comes back positive for both hydrogen and methane. That's the swinging.

She tells my sister what to look for in an oil of oregano product: high-potency carvacrol, a clean carrier oil, consistent standardized potency, and a research-backed formula.

And here's what shocked my sister: "You can stay on low-FODMAP during the first few weeks if it helps with symptoms. But the goal is to ELIMINATE the bacteria so you can reintroduce foods afterward. This isn't permanent restriction. This is clearing the overgrowth."

For the first time in six years, someone actually gave my sister hope that she could eat normally again.

But here's the problem...

My sister had to try multiple brands to find one that actually worked. Different products. Different stores. Most of them garbage — low carvacrol content, cheap carrier oils, no standardized concentration.

She tried three brands. Two did absolutely nothing. One made her nauseous.

She's researching products, comparing labels, trying to figure out which ones actually have therapeutic levels of carvacrol — because most companies slap "oregano oil" on a label with barely any active compound inside.

And the decent ones were costing her $40-50 a bottle. She was going through two a month.

Every single month. Just to properly target the bacteria instead of just starving them with diet.

But you know what? She did it. Because she was desperate. Because the alternative was eating 15 foods for the rest of her life and still swinging between constipation and diarrhea.

And after about two weeks?

Something shifted. The swings — even on her restricted foods — were less frequent. Like the bacteria were starting to clear and producing less gas overall.

After four weeks?

The urgency was down 60%. The constipated stretches were getting shorter. Better than six years of dietary restriction had achieved. She had steady energy. The brain fog was lifting. She was having formed, solid bowel movements — and actually feeling empty for once.

And here's what shocked us: She accidentally ate something with garlic in it at week 5. Braced for the usual explosion. It never came. Slight discomfort, but nothing like the reaction she'd had for the past six years.

After eight weeks?

She put the laxatives and Imodium in the back of the drawer. Didn't need them anymore.

After twelve weeks?

Follow-up with Dr. Mitchell.

We drove to the appointment in complete silence. Both terrified this would be another "still positive but slightly better" result.

Dr. Mitchell ran the breath test again.

Looked at the results.

Looked at my sister.

"What drops are you taking?"

Hydrogen and methane levels: both dropped significantly. Overgrowth: receding. Gut motility: normalizing.

"Your small intestine is clearing. This is what resolution looks like. Not management."

Then she said something that made my sister cry:

"Okay, now we can start reintroducing foods. You're not going to be on low-FODMAP forever. The bacteria that were fermenting those foods are clearing. Let's get you eating normally again."

The swings never came back.

I'm looking at my sister right now, 8 months later.

She's eating garlic. Onions. Bread. Pasta. Apples. All the foods that were "forbidden" for six years.

Her stomach stays flat all day. Her bowel movements are normal. Her energy is back. No laxatives. No Imodium. No restrictions.

She went to a restaurant last week and ordered off the menu without modifications. Ate the whole meal. No swings. No bloating. No bathroom mapping. No anxiety.

Her husband booked a place he'd been wanting to try for years. Somewhere new. Interesting food. The kind of place she'd refused for six years because nothing on the menu was "safe."

She ordered the full menu. Appetizers, dinner, dessert.

He looked at her across the table and said: "I've missed this."

She'd missed it too.

After six years as a prisoner of low-FODMAP, eating the same 15 foods every day, still symptomatic — she's free.

And here's the part that still makes me angry: She spent six years restricting foods, tracking every meal, avoiding social situations, becoming nutritionally deficient — and her IBS-M barely improved. The safe foods list kept shrinking. The symptoms kept adapting.

Then she spent 12 weeks targeting the bacteria causing the problem — and now she can eat everything.

The restriction was never the answer. Bacterial elimination was.

So now I'm thinking: Okay, these drops work. They're literally life-changing. But why is it so hard to find one that's actually formulated right?

That's when I started looking for a company that actually cared about quality instead of just slapping "oregano oil" on a label.

I spent weeks — WEEKS — researching supplement companies. Looking at carvacrol concentration, carrier oil quality, potency, whether doses were actually therapeutic.

Because here's the thing: The supplement industry is shady as hell. Most "oregano oil" products are just cheap carrier oil with a hint of oregano flavoring. Below the threshold that does anything.

I needed to find a company that:

Had high-concentration carvacrol — the compound that actually targets the bacteria
Used a clean carrier oil — not cheap filler that dilutes everything
Was backed by real research — not just marketing hype
Had standardized potency — so every bottle delivers the same concentration
Wasn't charging insane markup prices

And I kept seeing this company mentioned in SIBO forums and IBS-M support groups.

So I go to their website, ready to be disappointed like I had been with every other brand.

And I almost fell out of my chair.

High-potency oil of oregano drops. Standardized carvacrol content. A clean carrier oil. Proper dosing. They'd even added vitamin E and black seed oil as a bonus.

Everything you need to TARGET the bacteria — not just starve them with diet.

And here's where my jaw hit the floor:

When my sister was buying decent oregano oil separately? Close to $100 a month on brands that barely worked.

Go look at the price right now. And they're running a buy 2, get 1 free deal. I'm dead serious. It's insane.

Compare that to:

Low-FODMAP meal delivery services: $200-400/month indefinitely
FODMAP dietitian appointments: $150-300 per session
FODMAP-certified specialty products: $100-200/month premium
FODMAP apps, meal planners, food trackers: ongoing
Years of your life spent avoiding foods instead of clearing bacteria: priceless

And my sister's been taking it for 8 months now. The swings? Gone. The bloating? Gone. The FODMAP restrictions? Done with them.

She reintroduced foods slowly starting around month 3. Garlic first. No reaction. Then onions. No issues. Then bread, pasta, dairy. All fine.

Her functional medicine doctor said at her last follow-up: "This is what SIBO treatment should look like. You targeted the bacteria, healed your gut, and now you can eat normally. You're not managing symptoms with restriction — you eliminated the cause. That's actual resolution."

Now here's the thing I need you to understand:

If you've been on low-FODMAP for 6+ months and you're still bloated, still swinging between constipation and diarrhea, still restricting — it's not because you're "not doing it right" or need to "eliminate more triggers."

It's because dietary restriction doesn't eliminate bacterial overgrowth. It just reduces symptoms by limiting bacterial fuel.

The bacteria are still there. Still fermenting. Still damaging your gut. Still keeping you sick.

You can restrict for years — eating plainer and plainer foods, avoiding more and more triggers — and you'll STILL have SIBO.

Because you're treating the symptom (gas production) instead of the cause (bacterial colonization of your small intestine).

You need to TARGET the bacteria. With a compound that can actually reach them. In a form that bypasses the damaged gut lining that's been blocking everything else.

THEN you can eat normally. Not "manage" with restriction. Actually eat normally.

Every month you stay on low-FODMAP without targeting the bacteria is another month of:

Unnecessary food restriction stealing your quality of life
Social isolation from being unable to eat normally
Nutritional deficiencies from eliminating entire food groups
Bacterial overgrowth entrenching deeper in your small intestine
New food sensitivities developing as the gut lining takes more damage
Hope slipping away that you'll ever be normal again

I put the link below.

And honestly? Even if you're skeptical, grab one bottle. Try it for 12 weeks.

Stay on low-FODMAP during the first few weeks if it helps with symptoms. But understand the goal is to TARGET the bacteria so you can reintroduce foods afterward.

Then start reintroducing foods slowly. See if your gut can actually handle them now that the bacteria are being addressed.

Because the low-FODMAP industry isn't coming to save you. They profit too much from keeping you restricted and dependent on specialized products instead of teaching you to target the overgrowth and eat normally.

You have to save yourself.

Go get it. And use the money you save on FODMAP meal plans to eat at a real restaurant again once the bacteria are cleared.

60-day money-back guarantee. If nothing changes, full refund.

👉 https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/ooo-ibs-m

P.S. — Low-FODMAP is not a life sentence. It's a temporary symptom management tool while you target the bacteria causing those symptoms. If you've been restricted for 6+ months and still swinging between constipation and diarrhea, you're managing the problem, not fixing it. Target the overgrowth. Let your gut heal. Eat normally again. That's actual resolution.


{"id": "facebook_27239837259051770", "days": 50, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/1b89c4e4fce780500abeba97456c56743a9493ccf39b6419f924f4b1b4a57ad2.png"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/ooo-ibs-m"}
If you've been on the low-FODMAP diet for 6+ months, eliminated every trigger food down to eating plain chicken and white rice, and you're STILL bloated and swinging between constipation and diarrhea every single week — while your gastroenterologist tells you to "just keep avoiding triggers"...

I'm about to show you why restriction isn't the answer and what's actually keeping you sick.

And by the end of this, you're gonna be pissed.

Because there are three things happening right now:

One — Your gut has bacterial overgrowth that's fermenting EVERYTHING you eat, so eliminating foods is just treating symptoms, not the cause.

Two — The medical system is selling you diet apps and FODMAP coaching instead of addressing why bacteria migrated to your small intestine in the first place.

And three — There's a billion-dollar low-FODMAP industry that profits from keeping you restricted and miserable instead of teaching you how to actually clear the overgrowth.

So let me tell you what happened with my sister, because our story is gonna open your eyes to why you can't diet your way out of SIBO.

For YEARS — and I mean like six straight years — my sister was a prisoner of the low-FODMAP diet.

Started with her gastroenterologist after her colonoscopy and endoscopy came back "normal."

"It's IBS-M," he said. "Avoid high-FODMAP foods. Onions, garlic, beans, most fruits, wheat, dairy. Here's a list. Take a laxative when you're constipated, Imodium when you're not."

She followed it religiously. Downloaded the FODMAP tracking app. Meal prepped every Sunday. Read every label. Avoided restaurants because cross-contamination was too risky.

Month 1: The swings settled maybe 20%. Still constipated for days, then rushing to the bathroom three or four times when it flipped. Still bloated by lunchtime.

Month 3: Added more restrictions. Cut out all lactose. All fructose. All polyols. Symptoms down another 10%. Still unpredictable.

Month 6: Eliminated resistant starches. No sweet potatoes. No cold rice. No reheated pasta. Slightly better. Still having bad days.

Month 12: Down to 15 "safe" foods. Plain chicken. White rice. Carrots. Zucchini. Eggs. Spinach. That's basically it.

And you know what? She was STILL swinging between constipation and diarrhea. Every. Single. Week.

Not as bad as before, sure. But her stomach would still bloat by lunchtime. She'd still get urgency after meals. She'd still have to leave the room to pass gas because she couldn't trust her own body.

After a full year of the most restrictive eating you can imagine, she was STILL constipated for days then rushing to the bathroom with no warning. Still taking a laxative for the constipation and Imodium for the diarrhea on top of the diet — and building tolerance. Two tablets became three. Three became four.

Her gastroenterologist said: "Well, you've made progress. Some people just have to stay on low-FODMAP permanently to manage symptoms."

Permanently.

She was 54 years old and being told she'd never eat normally again. That avoiding garlic and onions for the rest of her life was her "management strategy."

And here's what destroyed her: It wasn't even working that well.

She'd eliminated 90% of foods. She was eating like someone with severe allergies. And she was STILL bloated. STILL swinging between constipation and diarrhea. STILL mapping every bathroom.

I'd watch her stare at the dinner table — full of food her husband was enjoying that was "forbidden" to her — and just cry.

Garlic bread. Pasta. A glass of wine. A normal meal at a restaurant. Eating at her daughter's house without bringing her own food in Tupperware.

All gone.

She told me once, voice breaking: "I feel like such a disappointment to my husband. He likes trying different foods. New restaurants. We end up at the same boring safe places every time because of me. What happens when I run out of things to restrict? I keep eliminating more foods and I'm STILL sick."

That's when I realized: This isn't a diet problem. This is a bacterial overgrowth problem that restriction can't fix.

So at this point, I'm furious.

Because I'm watching my sister — who's following the low-FODMAP diet perfectly, tracking every food, avoiding every trigger — stay sick. Not getting better. Just less sick than she was.

And that's when I started asking questions that nobody wants you to ask:

Why are gastroenterologists pushing permanent dietary restriction instead of treating the bacterial overgrowth causing the symptoms?

Why do they act like "managing IBS-M with diet" is a solution when you're still swinging between constipation and diarrhea on 15 foods?

And why does nobody ever talk about ELIMINATING the bacteria so you can eat normally again?

So I went down a rabbit hole. And I mean a DEEP rabbit hole.

I started researching why someone could eliminate every high-FODMAP food and still be swinging between constipation and diarrhea — and every mainstream medical site was giving me the same useless answers. "Some foods are hidden triggers. You need to restrict more. Try the carnivore diet."

But then I found research from a neurogastroenterologist — someone who actually studies BACTERIAL CLEARANCE instead of just symptom management through diet.

And she mentioned something that completely changed everything I thought I knew about IBS-M and FODMAPs.

Low-FODMAP reduces symptoms by starving bacteria of their preferred foods. But it doesn't eliminate the bacteria. They just adapt and ferment whatever you ARE eating — even your "safe" foods.

Now pause for a second.

You know what's insane?

Everyone talks about low-FODMAP like it's an IBS-M treatment. Gastroenterologists prescribe it. Dietitians build entire practices around it. Apps and meal plans and coaching programs.

But nobody — and I mean NOBODY — ever taught us that low-FODMAP is symptom management, not bacterial elimination.

You're not fixing SIBO. You're just reducing how much gas the bacteria produce by limiting their favorite fuel sources.

And that's not an accident.

Because once you understand what SIBO actually is, you realize that restricting FODMAPs doesn't address the root problem: bacteria colonizing your small intestine where they don't belong.

Here's what actually happens when you have SIBO:

Bacteria from your large intestine have migrated UP into your small intestine. They ferment carbohydrates prematurely — producing gas way too high up in your digestive tract. And here's the part that explains your swings: they make two different gases.

The hydrogen speeds up gut motility and pulls water into the intestines. That's the diarrhea. That's the urgency. That's the watery stool.

The methane does the exact opposite. It acts like an off-switch for your gut muscles, slowing the whole conveyor belt to a crawl. That's the constipation. That's the straining. That's the days nothing moves and you never feel empty.

When your gut is making both at once, it swings between the two. That's the back-and-forth. That's IBS-M.

High-FODMAP foods — onions, garlic, beans, wheat — are rapidly fermentable. Bacteria break them down fast and produce massive amounts of gas quickly.

When you eliminate high FODMAPs, you're removing the bacteria's preferred fuel. So they produce less gas. Your symptoms decrease somewhat. You feel somewhat better.

But the bacteria are still there. They're still fermenting the "safe" foods you ARE eating — white rice, chicken, carrots, even zucchini. Just slower.

That's why you're still bloated on low-FODMAP. That's why you're still swinging between constipation and diarrhea. The bacteria haven't gone anywhere. They're just producing gas at a slower rate from whatever you give them.

And here's the kicker: The longer you restrict FODMAPs, the more your gut deteriorates. Your microbiome diversity crashes because you're not feeding beneficial bacteria. Your gut lining gets more damaged because the bacterial overgrowth is still there causing inflammation. You develop new food sensitivities to things that never bothered you before.

So you get:

Swings that improve 30-40% but never resolve completely

A safe foods list that keeps shrinking as bacteria adapt

Bloating that's less severe but never goes away

Increasing food sensitivities as your gut lining takes more damage

Social isolation because you can't eat at restaurants or friends' houses

Nutritional deficiencies from eliminating entire food groups

Years of your life spent tracking foods and avoiding triggers

A gut that gets WORSE over time because the overgrowth entrenches deeper

Complete loss of hope that you'll ever eat normally again

And here's the part that made my blood boil:

The medical system KNOWS low-FODMAP doesn't eliminate SIBO. It's documented in gastroenterology research. They know it's symptom management, not treatment.

In a Johns Hopkins study, 63.4% of patients tested for SIBO came back positive. A meta-analysis of 50 studies found SIBO prevalence of up to 53.3% in IBS patients. The research is right there.

But most gastroenterologists don't test for it. They don't order breath tests. They don't specialize in motility.

Why?

Because there's no pharmaceutical money in teaching SIBO patients to eliminate bacteria naturally.

You can't make billions off telling someone to clear the overgrowth so they can eat normally again.

There IS money in keeping you on low-FODMAP apps, FODMAP-certified products, dietitian appointments, meal planning services, laxative and Imodium prescriptions, and repeat gastroenterologist visits for the REST OF YOUR LIFE.

See how that works?

So I kept researching. I'm reading SIBO studies now. Gastroenterology journals. Published clinical trials.

And I found the study that changed everything.

Johns Hopkins University. Published in Global Advances in Health and Medicine.

Herbal antimicrobials including oregano oil achieved a 46% SIBO clearance rate on follow-up breath testing. The leading prescription antibiotic for SIBO achieved only 34%.

The herbs outperformed the drug.

And 57.1% of patients who FAILED that antibiotic then cleared their SIBO using herbal therapy as rescue treatment.

The prescription antibiotic failed them. The herbs didn't.

The compound that does the work? Carvacrol. Found in concentrated, therapeutic-grade oil of oregano.

Carvacrol — alongside a second compound called thymol — has been shown across 10+ independent studies to disrupt the cell membranes of the harmful bacteria causing the overgrowth. Unlike the antibiotic that carpet-bombs everything — good and bad — carvacrol targets the harmful bacteria while preserving the beneficial strains your gut needs to recover.

But here's the part that changed the game for my sister — the thing that explains why nothing she'd taken for six years had worked:

SIBO damages the lining of your small intestine. When that lining is damaged, tablets and capsules can't be absorbed properly. Every probiotic, every supplement, every digestive enzyme she swallowed — her body couldn't use any of them.

Oil of oregano in liquid drop form, held under the tongue, bypasses the malabsorption entirely. Absorbs directly. Doesn't need to be broken down by a damaged gut.

This is what allows the carvacrol to actually REACH the bacteria — instead of passing through a damaged system unused.

But you'll never hear a FODMAP dietitian mention it. They want you on meal plans forever, not eating normally in a few weeks.

So my sister finally sees a neurogastroenterologist who actually understands bacterial elimination instead of dietary restriction.

Dr. Sarah Mitchell. Specializes in gut motility disorders.

And this woman takes one look at her history — six years on low-FODMAP, eating only 15 foods, still symptomatic — and says exactly what I'd been reading:

"Low-FODMAP is a band-aid. It reduces symptoms by limiting bacterial fuel, but it doesn't eliminate the bacteria. They're still there, still fermenting whatever you eat, still damaging your gut. We need to TARGET them with antimicrobials that actually reach the small intestine — then you can eat normally again."

She runs a breath test — something no doctor had ordered in six years. Comes back positive for both hydrogen and methane. That's the swinging.

She tells my sister what to look for in an oil of oregano product: high-potency carvacrol, a clean carrier oil, consistent standardized potency, and a research-backed formula.

And here's what shocked my sister: "You can stay on low-FODMAP during the first few weeks if it helps with symptoms. But the goal is to ELIMINATE the bacteria so you can reintroduce foods afterward. This isn't permanent restriction. This is clearing the overgrowth."

For the first time in six years, someone actually gave my sister hope that she could eat normally again.

But here's the problem...

My sister had to try multiple brands to find one that actually worked. Different products. Different stores. Most of them garbage — low carvacrol content, cheap carrier oils, no standardized concentration.

She tried three brands. Two did absolutely nothing. One made her nauseous.

She's researching products, comparing labels, trying to figure out which ones actually have therapeutic levels of carvacrol — because most companies slap "oregano oil" on a label with barely any active compound inside.

And the decent ones were costing her $40-50 a bottle. She was going through two a month.

Every single month. Just to properly target the bacteria instead of just starving them with diet.

But you know what? She did it. Because she was desperate. Because the alternative was eating 15 foods for the rest of her life and still swinging between constipation and diarrhea.

And after about two weeks?

Something shifted. The swings — even on her restricted foods — were less frequent. Like the bacteria were starting to clear and producing less gas overall.

After four weeks?

The urgency was down 60%. The constipated stretches were getting shorter. Better than six years of dietary restriction had achieved. She had steady energy. The brain fog was lifting. She was having formed, solid bowel movements — and actually feeling empty for once.

And here's what shocked us: She accidentally ate something with garlic in it at week 5. Braced for the usual explosion. It never came. Slight discomfort, but nothing like the reaction she'd had for the past six years.

After eight weeks?

She put the laxatives and Imodium in the back of the drawer. Didn't need them anymore.

After twelve weeks?

Follow-up with Dr. Mitchell.

We drove to the appointment in complete silence. Both terrified this would be another "still positive but slightly better" result.

Dr. Mitchell ran the breath test again.

Looked at the results.

Looked at my sister.

"What drops are you taking?"

Hydrogen and methane levels: both dropped significantly. Overgrowth: receding. Gut motility: normalizing.

"Your small intestine is clearing. This is what resolution looks like. Not management."

Then she said something that made my sister cry:

"Okay, now we can start reintroducing foods. You're not going to be on low-FODMAP forever. The bacteria that were fermenting those foods are clearing. Let's get you eating normally again."

The swings never came back.

I'm looking at my sister right now, 8 months later.

She's eating garlic. Onions. Bread. Pasta. Apples. All the foods that were "forbidden" for six years.

Her stomach stays flat all day. Her bowel movements are normal. Her energy is back. No laxatives. No Imodium. No restrictions.

She went to a restaurant last week and ordered off the menu without modifications. Ate the whole meal. No swings. No bloating. No bathroom mapping. No anxiety.

Her husband booked a place he'd been wanting to try for years. Somewhere new. Interesting food. The kind of place she'd refused for six years because nothing on the menu was "safe."

She ordered the full menu. Appetizers, dinner, dessert.

He looked at her across the table and said: "I've missed this."

She'd missed it too.

After six years as a prisoner of low-FODMAP, eating the same 15 foods every day, still symptomatic — she's free.

And here's the part that still makes me angry: She spent six years restricting foods, tracking every meal, avoiding social situations, becoming nutritionally deficient — and her IBS-M barely improved. The safe foods list kept shrinking. The symptoms kept adapting.

Then she spent 12 weeks targeting the bacteria causing the problem — and now she can eat everything.

The restriction was never the answer. Bacterial elimination was.

So now I'm thinking: Okay, these drops work. They're literally life-changing. But why is it so hard to find one that's actually formulated right?

That's when I started looking for a company that actually cared about quality instead of just slapping "oregano oil" on a label.

I spent weeks — WEEKS — researching supplement companies. Looking at carvacrol concentration, carrier oil quality, potency, whether doses were actually therapeutic.

Because here's the thing: The supplement industry is shady as hell. Most "oregano oil" products are just cheap carrier oil with a hint of oregano flavoring. Below the threshold that does anything.

I needed to find a company that:

Had high-concentration carvacrol — the compound that actually targets the bacteria
Used a clean carrier oil — not cheap filler that dilutes everything
Was backed by real research — not just marketing hype
Had standardized potency — so every bottle delivers the same concentration
Wasn't charging insane markup prices

And I kept seeing this company mentioned in SIBO forums and IBS-M support groups.

So I go to their website, ready to be disappointed like I had been with every other brand.

And I almost fell out of my chair.

High-potency oil of oregano drops. Standardized carvacrol content. A clean carrier oil. Proper dosing. They'd even added vitamin E and black seed oil as a bonus.

Everything you need to TARGET the bacteria — not just starve them with diet.

And here's where my jaw hit the floor:

When my sister was buying decent oregano oil separately? Close to $100 a month on brands that barely worked.

Go look at the price right now. And they're running a buy 2, get 1 free deal. I'm dead serious. It's insane.

Compare that to:

Low-FODMAP meal delivery services: $200-400/month indefinitely
FODMAP dietitian appointments: $150-300 per session
FODMAP-certified specialty products: $100-200/month premium
FODMAP apps, meal planners, food trackers: ongoing
Years of your life spent avoiding foods instead of clearing bacteria: priceless

And my sister's been taking it for 8 months now. The swings? Gone. The bloating? Gone. The FODMAP restrictions? Done with them.

She reintroduced foods slowly starting around month 3. Garlic first. No reaction. Then onions. No issues. Then bread, pasta, dairy. All fine.

Her functional medicine doctor said at her last follow-up: "This is what SIBO treatment should look like. You targeted the bacteria, healed your gut, and now you can eat normally. You're not managing symptoms with restriction — you eliminated the cause. That's actual resolution."

Now here's the thing I need you to understand:

If you've been on low-FODMAP for 6+ months and you're still bloated, still swinging between constipation and diarrhea, still restricting — it's not because you're "not doing it right" or need to "eliminate more triggers."

It's because dietary restriction doesn't eliminate bacterial overgrowth. It just reduces symptoms by limiting bacterial fuel.

The bacteria are still there. Still fermenting. Still damaging your gut. Still keeping you sick.

You can restrict for years — eating plainer and plainer foods, avoiding more and more triggers — and you'll STILL have SIBO.

Because you're treating the symptom (gas production) instead of the cause (bacterial colonization of your small intestine).

You need to TARGET the bacteria. With a compound that can actually reach them. In a form that bypasses the damaged gut lining that's been blocking everything else.

THEN you can eat normally. Not "manage" with restriction. Actually eat normally.

Every month you stay on low-FODMAP without targeting the bacteria is another month of:

Unnecessary food restriction stealing your quality of life
Social isolation from being unable to eat normally
Nutritional deficiencies from eliminating entire food groups
Bacterial overgrowth entrenching deeper in your small intestine
New food sensitivities developing as the gut lining takes more damage
Hope slipping away that you'll ever be normal again

I put the link below.

And honestly? Even if you're skeptical, grab one bottle. Try it for 12 weeks.

Stay on low-FODMAP during the first few weeks if it helps with symptoms. But understand the goal is to TARGET the bacteria so you can reintroduce foods afterward.

Then start reintroducing foods slowly. See if your gut can actually handle them now that the bacteria are being addressed.

Because the low-FODMAP industry isn't coming to save you. They profit too much from keeping you restricted and dependent on specialized products instead of teaching you to target the overgrowth and eat normally.

You have to save yourself.

Go get it. And use the money you save on FODMAP meal plans to eat at a real restaurant again once the bacteria are cleared.

60-day money-back guarantee. If nothing changes, full refund.

👉 https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/ooo-ibs-m

P.S. — Low-FODMAP is not a life sentence. It's a temporary symptom management tool while you target the bacteria causing those symptoms. If you've been restricted for 6+ months and still swinging between constipation and diarrhea, you're managing the problem, not fixing it. Target the overgrowth. Let your gut heal. Eat normally again. That's actual resolution.


{"id": "facebook_2038807926770295", "days": 30, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/290bb23a4be5d5d2c1cadd6c09f90ef4b928b302c1c70f9fb3e2340d367f126b.png"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano"}
I have had IBS-D my entire life until the last year. Severe diarrhea has become an issue. I wear pads to help (not full diapers). I feel the stool coming and can get to the restroom usually.

My name is Carol Johnson, I'm 68 years old, and I need to tell you about the moment that broke me completely.

Today was so bad it ran down both legs into my socks and shoes. I was in a grocery. So bad, the worst.

I was so embarrassed.

I've lived with IBS-D my entire life. My entire life. Over six decades of managing unpredictable bowels, bathroom mapping, and constant fear.

But this past year? Everything got worse.

The diarrhea became severe. Not just urgent — severe. The kind where I started wearing pads every single day just to feel safe enough to leave my house.

Not full diapers. Just pads. Because I can usually feel the stool coming and get to the restroom in time.

Usually.

But today wasn't usual.

I was at the grocery store. Just doing my normal shopping. I'd been there maybe fifteen minutes.

I was in the produce section when I felt it coming.

I started walking quickly toward the bathrooms at the back of the store.

But I didn't make it.

It happened right there. In the middle of the grocery store.

The stool ran down both legs. Into my socks. Into my shoes. Onto the grocery store floor.

I stood there frozen while other shoppers walked past.

A store employee came over with a mop. She was kind, but I could see it in her face.

I abandoned my cart. Walked to my car — leaving a trail behind me — and sat on the garbage bags I keep in my trunk.

I drove home sobbing.

When I got home, I threw away everything. My shoes. My socks. My pants. My underwear. The pads that didn't help.

And I sat on my bathroom floor and cried for two hours.

Because this is what my life has become at 68 years old.

I've dealt with IBS-D my entire life. But I never thought it would get THIS bad.

Here's what makes me so angry:

It doesn't even make sense.

Last Tuesday, I went to that exact same grocery store. Same time of day. I'd eaten the same breakfast. I was wearing my usual pads. I'd taken my Imodium the night before.

Shopped for thirty minutes. Came home. Completely fine.

Today? SAME breakfast. Same pads. Same Imodium.

Catastrophic accident in the produce aisle.

WHAT CHANGED?!

Nothing. Absolutely nothing changed except my body decided to completely betray me.

You know what the worst part is?

It's not even the accidents anymore.

It's the constant fear that it will happen again.

I can't go anywhere without that underlying terror. Every trip to the store. Every visit to see my grandkids. Every single time I leave my house.

I'm 68 years old and I'm wearing pads every day like I'm incontinent.

And even with the pads and the Imodium, I still have accidents.

Let me tell you what I've tried over the decades:

I've seen probably ten different gastroenterologists in my lifetime. Every single one said: "You have IBS-D. It's chronic. We'll manage it with diet and medication."

I've tried every diet modification you can imagine. Low-FODMAP for over a year. Eliminated dairy, gluten, onions, garlic, everything they told me to.

I've taken Imodium daily for years. Some days it works. Some days it doesn't. And the dose keeps creeping up. Two tablets became three. Three became four. My body builds tolerance and the medication gets less reliable every month.

I've spent thousands — probably over $15,000 at this point — on probiotics, supplements, doctor visits, prescription medications, treatments that led nowhere.

And this past year, as the severe diarrhea got worse, I started wearing pads every single day.

I'm STILL having accidents. Still living in constant fear. Still throwing away clothes in public bathrooms.

Three days ago, after the disaster at the grocery store, I made an appointment with a new specialist.

A neurogastroenterologist named Dr. Sarah Mitchell. Not a regular GI doctor — a specialist who focuses on gut motility disorders.

I sat in her office and told her everything:

"I've had IBS-D my entire life. This past year it's become severe. I wear pads every day. I take Imodium every night and it barely holds. I can usually feel the stool coming and get to the restroom, but not always. Today I had an accident at the grocery store. It ran down both legs into my socks and shoes. It was the worst, most embarrassing moment of my life. I've tried everything doctors told me to try. Nothing works. I'm 68 years old and I can't even go grocery shopping without having an accident."

I expected her to suggest yet another diet modification or prescription medication.

But Dr. Mitchell surprised me.

She said: "Carol, in your entire lifetime with IBS-D, has anyone ever tested you for SIBO? Has anyone ever checked whether there's a bacterial overgrowth in your small intestine?"

I just stared at her.

"No. Everyone just says it's IBS-D. That I have a sensitive digestive system. That some people just have more severe cases."

She pulled up a diagram on her screen.

"Carol, your small intestine has a cleaning mechanism called the migrating motor complex. It sweeps bacteria down into your large intestine where they belong. But when that mechanism gets damaged — often from food poisoning or gut infections — bacteria migrate upward. They colonise your small intestine. And once they're there, they start fermenting carbohydrates prematurely — producing hydrogen gas way too high up in your digestive tract."

I felt tears starting.

"That hydrogen speeds up your gut motility. That's why the urgency is so extreme — your gut is moving everything through faster than your body can handle. It pulls water into the intestines — that's why the stool is loose and watery. Your colon isn't just being 'sensitive.' It's being flooded with gas, water, and partially processed food from an overgrowth that nobody ever looked for."

"Are you telling me I've had a bacterial overgrowth my entire life? For 68 years?"

She nodded slowly.

"It's called SIBO — Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth. Studies show a large subset of people with severe IBS-D and urgency actually have SIBO. Your body gives you the warning signal — that's the 'feeling the stool coming' sensation. But the evacuation is so urgent and severe because the hydrogen is accelerating everything. Even wearing pads can't prevent accidents because of the sheer volume and speed."

"Then why hasn't anyone tested me for this? Why have I seen TEN different GI doctors over my entire life and not ONE of them mentioned SIBO?"

Dr. Mitchell sighed.

"Because standard IBS protocols don't include SIBO testing. Most gastroenterologists are trained to treat symptoms — prescribe Imodium, recommend low-FODMAP, try prescription medication. SIBO isn't part of the typical diagnostic workup. It's a massive blind spot in gastroenterology. If your GI specialist doesn't specialise in motility, chances are they'll never bring it up."

I sat there completely stunned.

My entire lifetime of suffering. And it was a bacterial overgrowth the whole time.

Dr. Mitchell continued: "Here's why the dietary changes didn't work for you. Eliminating trigger foods helps if certain foods are the primary problem. But if bacteria are fermenting your food BEFORE it's properly digested, eliminating foods doesn't address the root cause. The bacteria find other things to ferment. That's why your safe foods list keeps shrinking. That's why you can eat the same breakfast and have completely different results — some days the bacteria are more active than others."

"And here's why the Imodium gave inconsistent results. It slows gut motility. But if the bacteria are still producing hydrogen and flooding your intestines with water, slowing things down doesn't prevent the severe urgency when the pressure builds past what the Imodium can hold. Some days the dose is enough. Other days it isn't. That's the unpredictability. And your body builds tolerance — so the dose keeps creeping up while the overgrowth underneath keeps growing."

"So what do I do?" I asked, feeling desperate after a lifetime of this.

She said: "You need to target the bacterial overgrowth directly. A compound called carvacrol — found in concentrated oil of oregano — has powerful antimicrobial properties that target the harmful bacteria causing the overgrowth without destroying the beneficial flora your gut needs."

"But here's the critical thing, Carol. SIBO damages the lining of your small intestine. When that lining is damaged, tablets and capsules can't be absorbed properly. Every pill you've swallowed over the decades — every probiotic, every supplement — your body couldn't use them."

"Oil of oregano in liquid drop form bypasses the malabsorption entirely. It doesn't need to be broken down by a damaged gut. It absorbs directly. That's the difference."

She told me what to look for:

High carvacrol concentration — not the diluted oregano oil you find everywhere.
Clean carrier oil — not cheap filler.
Third-party tested for purity.
Standardised potency.

"Find a high-quality oil of oregano drops formula," she said. "Take it daily. I genuinely think this is going to change your life."

I went home and spent hours researching oil of oregano products.

Most were garbage. Low carvacrol content. Cheap carrier oils. No third-party testing. No standardisation. One brand actually made me nauseous because it was so poorly formulated.

Then I found one that had everything Dr. Mitchell said I needed:

High-potency carvacrol.
Clean carrier oil.
Third-party tested.
Proper clinical dosing.

I ordered it immediately.

When it arrived, I was terrified to try it. After a lifetime of failed treatments, I couldn't afford to get my hopes up again.

But I took my first dose that evening.

The next morning, something was different.

I ate breakfast. Took my drops.

I put on my usual pads — because I was too scared not to.

And I went to the grocery store. The same store where I'd had that catastrophic accident just days before.

I walked through the store. Started shopping.

Ten minutes in — right around when I'd normally start feeling dread — nothing happened.

Twenty minutes in. Still nothing.

I finished my entire shopping trip. Checked out. Loaded groceries into my car.

No urgency. No feeling the stool coming. No accident. No emergency.

I sat in my car and cried.

Because for the first time in as long as I could remember, I'd gone to the grocery store and felt... safe.

By the end of the first week, something remarkable happened:

I was going about my day without constantly monitoring my gut. Without that underlying panic I've carried my entire life.

Week two: I went to the grocery store three times. No accidents. No emergencies. No severe urgency.

Week three: I stopped wearing pads. For the first time in over a year, I felt confident enough to leave the house without them.

Week four: I accepted a lunch invitation from friends. Actually sat through the entire meal without excusing myself. No urgency. No fear.

I wasn't living in constant terror anymore.

I wasn't wearing pads every day.

I wasn't having accidents.

I wasn't taking Imodium.

I was just... living normally.

For the first time in my entire 68 years.

That was ten weeks ago.

I'm still taking my oil of oregano drops every day.

And I haven't had a single accident since I started.

Not one.

The severe diarrhea that got so bad this past year? Gone.

The accidents that made me start wearing pads? Gone.

The constant fear and embarrassment? Gone.

The Imodium I was dependent on for years? Back of the drawer. Haven't touched it.

My daughter said to me last week: "Mum, I haven't seen you this relaxed in... I don't even know how long. You seem like a different person."

Dr. Mitchell told me she's now recommending oil of oregano drops to other patients with severe IBS-D and urgency who test positive for SIBO.

Within 4-6 weeks, the majority of them report significant improvement in urgency and accidents.

Listen. If you've been dealing with severe IBS-D — if you're wearing pads to feel safe, if you've had accidents in public, if you feel the stool coming but can't always make it in time — I need you to understand something:

This might not be "just IBS."

This might not be something you have to live with forever.

This might be SIBO — a bacterial overgrowth that no doctor has ever tested you for.

I wasted my entire lifetime being told it was just IBS and I had to manage it.

Don't waste another year.

And there's a 60-day money-back guarantee.

If you don't notice real improvement — if you're still having severe urgency and accidents — full refund. No questions asked.

You literally only pay if it actually works.

I'm 68 years old. I thought I'd be wearing pads and having accidents for the rest of my life. That the embarrassment and fear were things I'd have to accept forever.

I was wrong.

👉 https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano

P.S. I've tried every diet modification. I've taken Imodium daily for years. I could eat the same breakfast and have completely different results. It wasn't about trigger foods or managing better. It was about bacteria in my small intestine that nobody ever looked for. Don't waste your lifetime on treatments that just mask symptoms when the real problem is the overgrowth.
