{"id": "facebook_38195557820088092", "days": 2, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/5c6da2b122b1ccb723b3bc91e37f17909201c9aed210ee7e25e5f173c0bd94e6.png"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano"}
Looking to Take Control of Your Gut Health Naturally?🌿

Experience the Power of Nutrition Therapy Oil of Oregano Drops!

✅: Supports healthy gut bacteria
✅: Absorbs where capsules can't
✅: Eases bloating and urgency
✅: Carvacrol-standardized oregano oil
✅: No prescription needed
✅: Plus Black Seed Oil & Vitamin E
✅: Free mystery gift + travel pouch

Transform your digestion with three naturally sourced ingredients your gut can actually absorb — 60-Day Money-Back Guarantee.


{"id": "facebook_29012926974976074", "days": 8, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/d7a6b181fde6f143c7d8f88e1750df62e858670006c48c0f8cc3c820c0a4f0e4.png"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano"}
A TSA agent at Denver International pulled me aside because I'd been in the airport bathroom with diarrhea so long they flagged my luggage as abandoned. The conversation we had while he walked me back to my gate is the reason I'm not planning my entire life around a toilet anymore.

I'm 59.

I was flying to Phoenix to see my daughter and her kids. A trip I'd been dreading for weeks. Not because I didn't want to see them. Because flying means four hours in a sealed tube with two tiny bathrooms and a hundred sixty people who can hear everything.

I'd already been twice before boarding. Once at check-in. Once at the gate. Both times diarrhea. The kind where you sit there gripping the handrail wondering if it's done, and it's never done.

After security my gut started cramping again. That low, hard pressure that means you've got maybe three minutes.

I found the nearest bathroom past the checkpoint. Stall three. I was in there for almost forty minutes.

Not because I wanted to be. Because every time I stood up, it came back. Another wave. Another five minutes sweating through my shirt, praying the woman in the next stall couldn't hear what was coming out of me.

When I finally came out, a man in a TSA uniform was standing near the sinks.

"Ma'am, are you the owner of a gray rolling suitcase left unattended near gate B37?"

I said yes.

"You've been away from your belongings for over thirty minutes. We need to check on that."

My face went hot. The visible kind.

I couldn't say what I wanted to say, which was: I've had diarrhea eight times today and it's not even noon and I can't stop it and I don't know what's wrong with me.

What I said was: "I'm sorry. I have a stomach condition."

He looked at me for a second. Then his voice changed.

"My wife has the same thing," he said.

He walked me back toward my gate. Five-minute walk. In those five minutes he told me something that six years of gastroenterologists, three colonoscopies, and nine thousand dollars in medical bills had never come close to.

His wife had been diagnosed with IBS seven years earlier. Same symptoms. Diarrhea five, six times a day. Bloating so bad she looked pregnant by lunchtime. Doctors told her low-FODMAP. More fiber. Manage your stress.

Nothing worked.

Then she found out she didn't have IBS at all.

She had something called SIBO. Small intestinal bacterial overgrowth.

"Once they went after the actual problem," he said, "the IBS thing just fell away."

He said it the way you'd mention a restaurant you liked.

I thanked him and sat down at my gate and stared at the floor for ten minutes.

I need to back up and tell you what those six years looked like. Because what that man said in five minutes blew through everything I'd been told, and the only way that makes sense is if you know what I'd been living with.

It started at 53. Food poisoning from a hotel breakfast on a work trip. Three days of brutal sickness. Supposed to be temporary.

My gut never went back to normal.

The diarrhea returned two weeks later. Then it didn't leave. At first a few times a week. Then daily. Then multiple times a day. No warning. No pattern. My gut was on a hair trigger and I had no control over when it went off.

I started mapping bathrooms. Every store. Every restaurant. Every highway exit between my house and anywhere I needed to be. I knew which bathrooms had loud fans. I knew which ones had single stalls. I knew how long I could be in the car before the pressure hit.

My husband wanted to go hiking. No. New restaurant downtown. No. A weekend at his brother's place two hours away. I said I wasn't up for it.

I was up for it. I just couldn't promise I wouldn't shit myself on the highway.

That's what nobody tells you about chronic diarrhea. It doesn't just wreck your body. It shrinks your entire life down to one question: how far is the nearest bathroom, and what happens if I don't make it.

I stopped going out to eat. Stopped saying yes to things. Told my husband I wasn't feeling well so many times he eventually stopped asking.

After a year of this my doctor referred me to a gastroenterologist.

Colonoscopy. Normal.

Blood work. Normal.

CT scan. Normal.

"It looks like IBS," she said. "Try a low-FODMAP diet."

I tried it. The diarrhea didn't stop. I went back.

"Cut gluten."

Didn't help. I went back.

"Have you tried managing your stress?"

I wanted to grab her by the collar. My stress was being caused by the diarrhea. Not the other way around.

She prescribed Imodium. Two tablets before bed. It plugged things up for a day, maybe two, and then my body adjusted and the diarrhea came roaring back worse. So she said take more. By year three I was taking four a day and the bloating was worse than ever. My abdomen was hard and swollen by midmorning. I looked six months pregnant every single day. I'd come home from work and change into pajamas because nothing in my closet fit by noon.

Six years. Four gastroenterologists. Three colonoscopies. Nine thousand dollars in bills.

IBS. Manage it. Live with it.

Not one of them ever tested me for SIBO.

That night in Phoenix, after the kids were in bed, I sat on my daughter's couch and searched "SIBO IBS misdiagnosis."

What I found made me furious.

A study in the American Journal of Gastroenterology tested 202 patients diagnosed with IBS. 78% of them had SIBO. After the overgrowth was successfully treated, 48% of those patients no longer qualified for an IBS diagnosis at all. They never had IBS. It was SIBO the entire time.

78%.

I read that number four times.

I was up until 2am clicking through research. By midnight I understood more about my own body than six years of specialists had ever bothered to explain.

SIBO means bacteria have colonized the small intestine where they don't belong. They ferment food before the body can digest it properly. That fermentation produces hydrogen gas. The hydrogen speeds everything up. It pulls water into the intestines. That's the diarrhea. That's why it's watery, urgent, and hits without warning.

The bloating. Same bacteria. Same fermentation. Gas produced higher up in the gut than it should be. Trapped. Pressing outward. That hard, tight, swollen feeling that no diet change ever touched.

Every symptom I had. Every single one. Explained by a bacterial overgrowth nobody had looked for.

I wasn't managing a chronic condition. I was living with an infection no one had tested me for.

The standard treatment for SIBO is an antibiotic called rifaximin. I read about that too.

A study tracked 80 patients whose SIBO cleared after a course of it. Within the same year, it came back in 43.7% of them. Nearly half. And a 2024 study in Nature found that repeated rifaximin use can create mutations that lead to resistance against last-resort antibiotics. The ones hospitals rely on when nothing else works.

So the main drug fails almost half the time and might be breeding superbugs.

I kept searching.

That's when I found the research on carvacrol. It's a compound in oregano oil. Studies in Frontiers in Microbiology showed it works by rupturing the cell walls of the bacteria driving the overgrowth. But unlike antibiotics, it doesn't wipe out everything. It goes after the harmful bacteria and leaves the good ones standing.

A 2014 study at Johns Hopkins compared herbal protocols containing oregano oil against rifaximin for SIBO. The herbal group hit a 46% clearance rate. Rifaximin hit 34%. The herbs matched or beat the drug. Fewer side effects. And patients who'd already failed rifaximin responded to the herbal protocol as a rescue treatment.

Then I read something that clicked everything into place.

SIBO damages the lining of the small intestine. That damage means the gut can't absorb things properly. Pills. Capsules. Powdered supplements. They need a working intestine to dissolve and do their job. If the lining is inflamed and compromised, they pass through without doing much of anything.

That's why the Imodium never held. That's why the probiotics my third gastroenterologist prescribed did nothing. My gut couldn't process them.

The research pointed to liquid delivery. A liquid doesn't need to be broken down. It makes direct contact with the overgrowth the moment it reaches the small intestine. No reliance on a damaged gut to do the absorbing.

I looked at the clock. 2:40am.

Four hours of research that explained six years of my life.

I spent the next week looking for a product that matched what the studies described.

Most oregano oil supplements were capsules. That was the exact problem I'd just spent four hours reading about. Capsules depend on a functioning gut to dissolve. Mine wasn't functioning. That was literally the problem.

Some were oils cut with fillers. Some had carvacrol concentrations so low they wouldn't touch a real overgrowth. Some came from companies with no third-party testing and no research behind what they were selling.

I almost gave up. I'd found the science. I understood the mechanism. And I couldn't find a single product that delivered it the way the research said it needed to be delivered.

Then I found a company called Nutrition Therapy. They made oil of oregano drops. Liquid. High-carvacrol oregano oil combined with black seed oil, which a study in the Saudi Journal of Gastroenterology showed hit a 66.7% eradication rate against a major gut pathogen, comparable to triple antibiotic therapy. Plus vitamin E, which Purdue University research showed protects the intestinal lining and supports beneficial bacteria.

Liquid form. No capsule to dissolve. No dependence on a damaged gut to absorb it.

Two dropperfuls in any drink. Once a day.

I ordered a bottle.

The first week, the cramping changed. Not gone. But quieter. Like something was losing ground.

Week two, I went to the bathroom twice in a day instead of six. The urgency loosened. That three-minute warning stretched to ten.

By week four, I had three days in a row with formed stool. Normal. Solid. I sat there and realized I wasn't gripping the handrail. I wasn't shaking. I wasn't waiting for the next wave.

There was no next wave.

The bloating took longer. But by week six my abdomen was soft in the morning and stayed soft past lunch for the first time in years. I wore a pair of jeans I hadn't pulled out of the closet since 2022.

My husband booked dinner at a restaurant I'd never been to. I said yes without looking up the bathroom layout. I ordered what I wanted. I ate the whole plate and sat there afterward without bracing. He looked at me across the table the way he used to look at me before all of this started, and that was enough.

I'm 59 years old. I spent six years being told I had a condition I didn't have. Nine thousand dollars on tests that found nothing because nobody was looking for the right thing. Years of saying no to my husband, no to my grandkids, no to my own life, because I couldn't trust my body to make it through a dinner without running to the bathroom.

It was never IBS.

It was bacteria in my small intestine that nobody tested for. And the thing that finally addressed it wasn't a prescription or a $400 specialist visit. It was liquid oregano oil drops that cost less than a dinner out.

Your gastroenterologist probably hasn't tested you for SIBO. Not because she's bad at her job. Because SIBO testing isn't standard protocol in most American GI practices. But the research is there. Published. Peer-reviewed. 78% of IBS patients in one study had it, and nearly half stopped qualifying for an IBS diagnosis entirely once it was treated.

You don't have to wait for your doctor to catch up.

The brand I use is Nutrition Therapy. Oil of oregano drops. Two dropperfuls in any drink, once a day. No prescription. No capsules fighting a gut that can't absorb them.

https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano

60-day money-back guarantee. Free shipping.

The problem was never your diet. It was never your stress. And it was never IBS.

It was what was living in your small intestine the whole time.


{"id": "facebook_28388671934095878", "days": 7, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/193ba8be013df9f66548815e1f2bcab26178d94cf27eae3cb98f80df9d00ae6e.png"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano"}
My daughter put my newborn grandson in my arms for the first time and I held him for less than two minutes before I had to hand him back and run down the hospital hallway, and when I came back she was rocking him and wouldn't look at me.

She didn't say anything.

She didn't need to.

I'd been doing that to her for five years.

Walking out of rooms.

Leaving meals.

Excusing myself from every moment that mattered and coming back pretending nothing had happened when everyone in the room knew exactly what had happened.

The diarrhea had been running my life since 2019.

Not the kind you get from bad takeout that clears up in a day.

The kind that doesn't leave.

The kind that hits four, five, six times a day with no warning and no pattern, and after a while you stop trying to figure out what causes it because the answer is everything and nothing and there's no logic to any of it.

I could eat plain oatmeal and be fine.

I could eat the same plain oatmeal the next day and be locked in the bathroom for an hour.

I stopped eating out entirely by year two.

Stopped making plans that required me to be more than fifteen minutes from a toilet I knew the location of.

My world became a set of coordinates mapped by bathroom access and drive time.

The bloating was the other half of it.

Every morning I'd wake up flat.

By ten o'clock my stomach was so distended it looked like I was pregnant.

Hard, like something was inflating behind my muscles.

Painful enough that I couldn't wear anything fitted.

I had three drawers of clothes I couldn't zip and one drawer of elastic-waist pants I wore every day.

By evening I'd lie on the couch with my hand on my stomach feeling it push against my palm and wondering if this was going to be every night for the rest of my life.

The gas was constant.

Not the kind you excuse yourself for.

The kind that's trapped and pressurized and releases without warning, and I stopped going to quiet places because I couldn't control it.

No church.

No cinema.

No waiting rooms where people sit close and the silence makes everything audible.

My doctor said IBS.

She said it so casually I thought I'd misheard her.

Like she was reading off a menu.

She ran blood work.

Normal.

A stool sample.

Normal.

She handed me a printout of the low-FODMAP diet and told me to try it for three months.

I tried it for five.

I ate so few things I could count them without using both hands.

Lost weight I didn't have to lose.

My hair started coming out in the shower, handfuls at a time, clogging the drain.

The diarrhea didn't change.

She told me to manage my stress.

I didn't throw anything.

But I wanted to.

The stress wasn't the cause.

The stress was what happens when your body ambushes you six times a day and nobody with a degree can tell you why.

She put me on Imodium.

Two a day at first.

Then three.

Then four.

I was taking enough to pave a driveway and some weeks it still didn't matter.

The gastroenterologist did a colonoscopy, an endoscopy, and a CT scan over the course of six weeks.

Normal.

Normal.

Normal.

He sat across from me after the last one and said some people just have sensitive digestion and the best approach is lifestyle management.

Lifestyle management.

I'd managed my lifestyle down to a twenty-minute radius and a drawer of elastic pants.

I asked him about the food poisoning.

A buffet restaurant in Savannah, spring of 2019.

Two days of food poisoning that ended and five years of something else that didn't.

He nodded politely and wrote something on his pad and I knew from the way he wrote it that he didn't think it was connected.

A second gastroenterologist tested me for celiac and Crohn's and parasites.

All negative.

She used the phrase diagnosis of exclusion.

I asked what that meant and she explained that they'd ruled out everything they could identify, and IBS was the label for what remained.

IBS was the label for what remained.

Five years.

Four doctors.

Thousands of dollars in bills and co-pays.

And the medical system had given me a name for their inability to find an answer.

After the hospital hallway — after my grandson, after my daughter's face — I couldn't sleep.

I lay in bed staring at the ceiling fan going around and around and I thought about all the things this condition had taken from me and whether the list would keep getting longer until it included everything.

I opened my phone and searched SIBO.

I'd seen the word weeks earlier in a comment on an IBS support group.

Someone had posted a study from the American Journal of Gastroenterology.

202 patients with an IBS diagnosis.

78% of them actually had SIBO.

Small intestinal bacterial overgrowth.

And after the SIBO was treated, 48% of them no longer qualified as having IBS at all.

They'd been misdiagnosed for years.

Some of them for longer than I had.

I read it sitting in bed at two in the morning with my grandson's hospital bracelet still in my pocket and I couldn't tell if I was relieved or furious.

78% meant nearly eight out of ten people in those waiting rooms had bacteria in the wrong part of their gut and nobody had tested for it.

SIBO is bacteria colonizing the small intestine.

They're supposed to be lower, in the large intestine.

When they're in the wrong place they ferment food before the body can break it down.

The fermentation produces hydrogen gas — that's the bloating.

Gas being generated high in the gut where it can't pass normally, pressing outward, trapped.

And the hydrogen accelerates gut motility and pulls water into the intestines.

That's the diarrhea.

Not a sensitive stomach.

Not poor food choices.

Not anxiety.

A bacterial overgrowth producing a mechanical chain reaction that none of my doctors' tests were built to detect.

The food poisoning connection.

Research shows a bout of food poisoning can damage the nerves that operate the migrating motor complex — the cleanup system that sweeps bacteria out of the small intestine between meals.

Damage those nerves and bacteria accumulate.

The food poisoning resolves.

The overgrowth begins.

And it doesn't stop on its own because the mechanism that was supposed to prevent it is broken.

Savannah.

The buffet.

2019.

I told two doctors about it.

Neither one followed the thread.

The standard treatment is an antibiotic called rifaximin.

Two-week course.

But 43.7% of patients tracked after treatment relapsed within the same year.

Nearly half.

Because rifaximin kills indiscriminately — the overgrowth and the beneficial bacteria in one pass.

You clear the problem and remove the ecosystem that was supposed to keep it from coming back.

A head-to-head comparison at Johns Hopkins tested herbal antimicrobial protocols against rifaximin.

The herbal group achieved a 46% clearance rate.

Rifaximin hit 34%.

The herbs outperformed the antibiotic.

And patients who'd failed rifaximin were given the herbal protocol as a rescue and a significant number of them cleared.

One compound kept surfacing in every study.

Carvacrol.

The active compound in oil of oregano.

Published research in Frontiers in Microbiology showed carvacrol disrupts the cell membranes of the gram-negative bacteria that produce hydrogen.

The bacteria behind the bloating and the diarrhea.

And it's selective.

It targets pathogenic strains like E. coli and Klebsiella while leaving beneficial Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium populations largely intact.

It removes what shouldn't be there and preserves what should.

A 2025 study tested an eight-week protocol using oregano oil.

Eradication rates between 60 and 100%.

But here's the thing nobody told me, and it explained five years of supplements and Imodium doing nothing.

SIBO damages the lining of the small intestine.

The villi — the structures that absorb nutrients — get flattened and inflamed.

Which means pills and capsules can't absorb properly.

Every tablet I swallowed was fighting through a wall that couldn't let it in.

Liquid drops bypass that.

Oil of oregano in liquid form doesn't need to be dissolved or absorbed through a damaged intestinal wall.

The carvacrol makes direct contact the moment it reaches the small intestine.

I found a company called Nutrition Therapy that combined oil of oregano drops with black seed oil and vitamin E.

The black seed oil has its own clinical research — a trial showing a 66.7% eradication rate against H. pylori, statistically comparable to triple antibiotic therapy.

The vitamin E supports the intestinal barrier and feeds the beneficial bacteria.

I ordered a bottle.

Didn't tell my daughter.

Didn't tell my husband.

I'd tried enough things that announcing a new one felt like inviting people to watch me fail again.

Two dropperfuls in water every morning.

Week one was nothing I could point to.

Maybe slightly less gas.

Maybe not.

I've been fooled by hope before.

Week two the bloating started to ease.

By the afternoon my stomach was soft.

Not hard.

Not round.

Soft.

I put my hand on it and there was no resistance.

I stood in the bathroom staring at my reflection because my stomach hadn't looked like that past noon in five years.

Week three I went two days in a row without diarrhea.

Then three.

I kept waiting for it to come back.

It didn't.

Week four my daughter invited me to a picnic at the park with the baby.

I ate a sandwich.

A real sandwich.

Not plain rice, not boiled chicken, not the four foods I'd rotated for years.

Turkey, cheese, lettuce, mustard.

And I sat on a blanket with my grandson in my lap for an hour and didn't get up once.

My daughter watched me eat the sandwich and her eyes got wet and she turned away and pretended to look for something in the diaper bag.

I knew she wasn't looking for anything.

Week six I drove an hour and a half to visit my sister.

Didn't stop.

Didn't plan the route.

Didn't think about the route.

Two months in I was going once a day.

Solid.

Normal.

No urgency.

No cramping.

No scanning the room for the exit.

I held my grandson last weekend for forty-five minutes straight.

He fell asleep on my chest.

I didn't move.

Not because I was being careful.

Because I didn't need to go anywhere.

My daughter looked at me from across the room and she smiled and she didn't look away this time.

I'm furious it took five years.

I'm furious that a label designed to mean we don't know became the final word on a condition that 78% of people carrying it actually have something else.

I'm furious about the hospital hallway.

But my grandson is three months old and he knows my arms and I am not going to waste the anger when I could be holding him instead.

Nutrition Therapy's oil of oregano drops.

Two dropperfuls a day in any drink.

60-day money back guarantee.

Free shipping.

No prescription.

If every test says you're fine and your body says you're not, it might not be IBS.

It might be what was hiding underneath it the whole time.

https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano


{"id": "facebook_28253723674267046", "days": 3, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/6f2eb91a5bd2a7242414cb16deb52deb5f6ff549d1944f4f87c41a872dc69b02.png"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano"}
I threw my underwear in the trash at my daughter's house and told her the dog got into the bathroom.

She believed me.

Or she pretended to.

Either way, she got a new trash can with a locking lid the next week and neither of us said another word about it.

That's how it works now.

Something humiliating happens and we both agree, silently, to pretend it didn't.

My daughter is thirty-four years old and she has rearranged parts of her house around the possibility that her mother might have an accident in it.

There's a basket of "guest towels" in the downstairs bathroom that appeared after Thanksgiving two years ago.

There's a can of air freshener on the back of every toilet.

There's a plastic bag tucked behind the toilet paper holder that I know is there for me, even though neither of us has acknowledged it.

She thinks she's being subtle.

She's not.

She's being kind in the way people are kind when they've already given up on fixing the problem and have moved on to managing the mess.

I am fifty-nine years old and my daughter manages me like a liability.

This has been going on for eight years.

Eight years of loose, watery diarrhea that arrives without warning and leaves when it's finished and doesn't care where I am or what I'm doing when it hits.

I have soiled myself in a Target.

In a Cracker Barrel parking lot.

In my own car on the way home from church — three miles from my driveway, close enough to see my mailbox before I realized I wasn't going to make it.

I keep a change of clothes in the trunk.

I keep wet wipes in the glove box, in my purse, and in a ziplock bag in the pocket of every jacket I own.

I wear dark pants every single day.

Not because I like them.

Because they don't show stains.

My husband knows.

He's known for years.

He doesn't talk about it, but he knows, because he's the one who started keeping a plastic grocery bag in the center console without being asked.

That's love, I guess.

Quiet accommodation of the thing neither of you can fix.

Three doctors.

Two gastroenterologists and my GP.

Colonoscopy — normal.

Endoscopy — normal.

Blood work — normal.

Stool tests — normal.

"IBS-D.

Have you tried a low-FODMAP diet?"

I tried the low-FODMAP diet.

I tried eliminating dairy.

I tried eliminating gluten.

I tried a diet so restrictive I was eating plain rice and boiled chicken for six weeks and lost twelve pounds I didn't need to lose and still had diarrhea every single day.

I tried probiotics — four different brands, two of them recommended by a naturopath who charged me two hundred dollars to tell me my gut needed "rebalancing."

I tried Imodium daily.

I tried prescription antispasmodics that made me so constipated I didn't go for four days and then went so violently I thought something had ruptured.

Nothing worked.

Nothing changed.

My last gastroenterologist told me I should "try to reduce stress."

I was sitting in his office wearing a pad because I didn't trust my body to behave for the length of the appointment, and he told me to try yoga.

I didn't go back.

I stopped looking for answers.

I bought more dark pants and bigger purses and started arriving places early so I could locate the bathroom before anyone saw me looking.

That was my system.

For three years, that was my entire system.

Then I read something that rewired everything I thought I understood.

An article about a condition called SIBO — small intestinal bacterial overgrowth.

Bacteria that belong in the large intestine migrate upward into the small intestine, where they start fermenting food before the body can digest it properly.

The fermentation produces hydrogen gas.

Hydrogen draws water into the intestinal lumen.

That's the watery, explosive, uncontrollable diarrhea.

That's the bloating that appears regardless of what I eat.

That's why every food I eliminated made no difference — the bacteria weren't responding to specific foods.

They were feeding on all of it.

A study published in the American Journal of Gastroenterology found that 78% of patients diagnosed with IBS tested positive for SIBO.

After the overgrowth was treated, nearly half of them no longer qualified for an IBS diagnosis at all.

They never had IBS.

The IBS was a placeholder that got assigned when nobody looked deeper.

I sat with that for a long time.

78%.

Three doctors, eight years, thousands of dollars in copays and prescriptions and specialist visits, and not one of them ordered the breath test that would have caught this.

I wasn't broken.

I wasn't weak.

I wasn't failing to manage my stress or eat the right foods or take the right supplements.

I had a bacterial overgrowth that nobody identified because nobody thought to look.

What makes this worse — and I'm angry about this, genuinely angry — is that the standard pharmaceutical treatment for SIBO has a fundamental problem.

Rifaximin is the antibiotic most gastroenterologists prescribe.

It works broadly — kills the overgrowth along with a significant portion of the beneficial bacteria.

And a study in the American Journal of Gastroenterology found that 44% of patients relapsed within nine months.

Nearly half.

But it gets worse.

A 2024 study published in Nature found that repeated courses of rifaximin generate mutations in gut bacteria that produce cross-resistance against last-resort antibiotics — drugs reserved for life-threatening infections.

So the standard treatment doesn't just fail to hold.

It actively makes future treatment harder.

Every round of rifaximin is a step further into a loop that gets more difficult to escape.

What actually addresses the overgrowth without that trap is a compound called carvacrol — the primary bioactive compound in oregano oil.

Research published in Frontiers in Microbiology showed that carvacrol disrupts the cell membranes of gram-negative pathogenic bacteria — the hydrogen producers behind the overgrowth — while leaving beneficial Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium populations significantly less affected.

It doesn't carpet-bomb.

It's selective.

It removes the bacteria causing the problem and leaves the bacteria that prevent it from coming back.

A 2025 study by Ruscio and colleagues tested an herbal antimicrobial protocol containing oregano oil on confirmed SIBO patients.

Eradication rates ranged from 60 to 100%.

Not symptom management.

Eradication.

But there's a problem most people miss.

SIBO damages the small intestinal lining.

The villi — the tiny projections responsible for absorbing nutrients — get blunted and inflamed.

Which means pills and capsules don't absorb properly through the compromised wall.

Every supplement I took.

Every probiotic capsule.

Every fiber tablet.

They were passing through a system that couldn't process them.

I was doing the right thing in the wrong form and nobody told me why it wasn't working.

A company called Nutrition Therapy makes oil of oregano in liquid drop form.

Not capsules.

Not tablets.

Liquid drops — two dropperfuls mixed into any drink, once a day.

The liquid doesn't need a functioning gut lining to absorb.

It bypasses the malabsorption loop entirely.

The carvacrol makes direct contact with the overgrowth the moment it reaches the small intestine.

No dissolution.

No barrier.

I ordered it on a Wednesday night after my husband went to bed because I didn't want to explain why I was trying something else.

I didn't want to see the look he gets — the one that's half hope and half bracing for disappointment.

By day ten, something changed.

A bowel movement that was solid.

Formed.

No urgency.

No cramping.

No running.

I sat there and waited for the other shoe to drop and it didn't.

By week three, the bloating was gone.

I put on a pair of jeans I hadn't worn in two years and they buttoned.

I stood in front of the mirror and I looked like myself again.

Not the version of myself I'd been dressing around for eight years.

The actual version.

By week six, I went to my daughter's house for her birthday dinner.

I stayed four hours.

I used the bathroom once — normally, unremarkably, the way a person does.

When I left, her daughter hugged me at the door and I drove home and I didn't think about the bathroom once the entire drive.

I thought about her birthday cake.

I thought about how her husband had burned the garlic bread and everyone laughed.

I thought about normal things.

The next week I went back to her house and the plastic bag behind the toilet paper holder was gone.

She hadn't said anything.

She'd just quietly removed it.

That's when I knew it was real.

Not because of how my stomach felt.

Because of what my daughter stopped preparing for.

What I keep thinking is this.

Every year the overgrowth sits there untreated is a year the damage accumulates.

The bacteria don't slow down.

They don't plateau.

They keep fermenting, keep producing gas, keep pulling water into the intestines, keep damaging the lining that needs to heal before anything else can work.

I lost eight years.

Eight years of dark pants and plastic bags and lies about the dog.

I'm not losing any more.

The link is below.

Free shipping, 60-day money-back guarantee, and they include a travel pouch — which I carry in my purse now next to the spot where the wet wipes used to go.

https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano


{"id": "facebook_28098590866463943", "days": 8, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/193ba8be013df9f66548815e1f2bcab26178d94cf27eae3cb98f80df9d00ae6e.png"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano"}
The morning of my husband's funeral, my sister-in-law stalled the pastor for fifteen minutes because I couldn't get off the toilet.

She stood outside the church bathroom and told him I was "having a moment."

She wasn't wrong.

I was having a moment.

I was sitting on a toilet in a room that smelled like industrial soap, in my black dress, with my hands shaking, while two hundred people waited in the sanctuary to say goodbye to the man I'd been married to for thirty-eight years.

My stomach had been bad all morning.

Not nerves.

Not grief.

The same watery, explosive diarrhea that had been ruining my life for the past eleven years.

It doesn't care what day it is.

It doesn't care that your husband died on a Tuesday and you buried him on a Friday and this is the one morning in your entire life when your body needed to hold itself together for three hours.

It just comes.

I made it through the service.

I don't remember much of it.

I remember standing at the front and someone handing me a tissue and my daughter holding my arm and I remember thinking the whole time — not about Richard, not about the eulogies, not about any of it — I was thinking about whether I could make it to the reception without leaving.

That's what this does to you.

It takes the worst day of your life and makes it about a bathroom.

The reception was in the church fellowship hall.

I lasted forty minutes.

I excused myself twice and the second time my son followed me to the hallway and said "Mom, do you need to go home?" and I could see it in his face that he already had the car keys in his hand.

He drove me home.

I sat in the passenger seat of my dead husband's car and stared at the dashboard and didn't say a word.

My son walked me inside and said "I'll come back after" and I said "okay" and he left and I went to the bathroom and stayed there for another twenty minutes.

Then I sat on the edge of the bed — our bed, his side still unmade from the hospital — and I thought: I am sixty-three years old and I couldn't get through my own husband's funeral.

That was the bottom.

Not his death.

His death was grief.

Grief I understood.

The bottom was sitting alone in my house on the day I buried him, thinking about my gut instead of thinking about him.

Eleven years.

That's how long this had been going on.

Eleven years of loose, watery, unpredictable diarrhea that showed up whenever it wanted and left whenever it was done.

Some days twice.

Some days seven or eight times.

I'd stopped going to restaurants.

Stopped accepting dinner invitations.

Stopped riding in anyone else's car because I needed to be the one who could pull over.

Richard used to drive me everywhere — he knew the routes, knew which exits had rest stops, knew when to not ask questions and just pull into the next gas station.

He did that for me for years without ever making me feel broken.

And then he was gone and I had to do it alone and the first time I drove myself to the grocery store I had to pull into a Walgreens parking lot and sit in the car for ten minutes before I could go inside.

Not because I was crying.

Because my stomach wouldn't settle.

Three doctors looked at this over eleven years.

My GP, two gastroenterologists, and one specialist who ran every test in the book.

Colonoscopy — normal.

Endoscopy — normal.

Blood work, CT scan, stool samples — normal, normal, normal.

"It's IBS-D."

"Have you tried eliminating dairy?"

"Have you tried a low-FODMAP diet?"

"Have you considered that it might be stress-related?"

Stress-related.

I wanted to reach across the desk and shake him.

I had this before Richard got sick.

I had this before the diagnosis.

I had this when everything in my life was fine and the sun was shining and I was eating grilled chicken and steamed broccoli for dinner every night because that was supposed to be safe.

Nothing was safe.

I tried the FODMAP diet for eight weeks and it made no difference.

I cut dairy, gluten, caffeine, alcohol, raw vegetables, fried food, and anything spicy.

I ate like a person preparing for a medical procedure for three straight months and nothing changed.

I took Imodium every single day for five years.

My doctor said that was "a reasonable management strategy."

Management.

I was wearing incontinence pads to my husband's chemo appointments because I didn't trust my body to behave in a waiting room.

And my doctor called that management.

Six months after the funeral, my daughter sent me a link.

She didn't explain it.

Just a text at nine in the morning: "Mom, read this when you have a minute."

It was an article about a condition called SIBO — small intestinal bacterial overgrowth.

Bacteria that normally live in the large intestine migrate up into the small intestine, where they don't belong.

Once they're there, they begin fermenting food before the small intestine can digest it properly.

That fermentation produces hydrogen gas.

The hydrogen draws water into the intestinal lumen.

That's the watery, urgent, uncontrollable diarrhea.

That's the bloating that showed up after every meal regardless of what I ate.

That's why every elimination diet failed — the bacteria weren't reacting to specific foods.

They were feeding on everything.

I read it three times.

Then I sat at the kitchen table and put my head in my hands because I realized that what I'd been living with for eleven years had a mechanism.

Not a label.

Not a catch-all.

A mechanism.

A study published in the American Journal of Gastroenterology found that 78% of patients diagnosed with IBS tested positive for SIBO.

Nearly eight in ten.

And after the overgrowth was treated, 48% of them no longer met the diagnostic criteria for IBS at all.

They never had IBS.

It was SIBO the whole time.

Nobody tested me.

Four doctors in eleven years.

Not one breath test.

Not one conversation about bacterial overgrowth.

I was given a label and a pamphlet and a prescription for a drug that plugged things up for a few hours before my body pushed through it anyway.

What makes this particularly insidious for women after menopause — and I wish any of those four doctors had mentioned this — is that when estrogen drops, the migrating motor complex weakens.

That's the wave that sweeps bacteria out of the small intestine between meals.

Without adequate estrogen, the sweep slows down.

The bacteria settle.

They colonize.

And the overgrowth becomes self-sustaining.

So every year I spent treating symptoms instead of treating the overgrowth was a year the overgrowth dug in deeper.

Eleven years of that.

The compound that addresses the overgrowth is called carvacrol — the primary bioactive component of oregano oil.

A 2025 study by Ruscio and colleagues tested an herbal antimicrobial protocol containing oregano oil on patients with confirmed hydrogen-dominant SIBO.

Eradication rates ranged from 60 to 100%.

Not improvement.

Eradication.

And carvacrol works differently than the standard pharmaceutical approach.

Research published in Frontiers in Microbiology found that carvacrol disrupts the cell membranes of gram-negative pathogenic bacteria — the hydrogen producers driving the overgrowth — while leaving beneficial Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium largely unaffected.

It targets the bacteria causing the problem without demolishing the bacteria that prevent it from returning.

That selectivity is the difference between resolving the overgrowth and chasing it in circles for another decade.

But here's what nobody tells you.

SIBO damages the lining of the small intestine.

The villi — the tiny projections responsible for nutrient absorption — get blunted and inflamed.

Which means pills and capsules don't absorb properly.

Every supplement I swallowed over eleven years was fighting a gut that couldn't process it.

Every probiotic.

Every fiber tablet.

Every digestive enzyme.

They passed through me doing almost nothing because the lining they needed to work through was already compromised.

Even the right compound in the wrong form is useless against a damaged gut wall.

A company called Nutrition Therapy makes oil of oregano in liquid drop form.

Not capsules.

Not tablets.

Drops.

Two dropperfuls mixed into any drink, once a day.

The liquid doesn't require a functioning gut lining to absorb.

It bypasses the malabsorption loop entirely.

The carvacrol reaches the small intestine and makes direct contact with the overgrowth — no dissolution, no barrier.

I ordered it because my daughter asked me to try one more thing and I was tired of telling her no.

I didn't expect anything.

I'd stopped expecting anything years ago.

By day twelve, something shifted.

I had a bowel movement that was solid.

No urgency.

No cramping.

No running.

I sat there and didn't believe it.

By week three, the bloating was gone.

Not reduced.

Gone.

I pressed my hands against my stomach and it was flat.

I hadn't seen my stomach flat since before Richard got sick.

By week six, I drove to my daughter's house for Sunday dinner and sat at her table for two and a half hours and didn't leave once.

Her kids argued about dessert and her husband told a long story about his golf game and I sat there and listened to all of it and none of it was remarkable and that was the entire point.

Nothing remarkable happened.

I just sat there.

Like a person.

On the drive home I passed the Walgreens parking lot where I'd sat shaking six months earlier and I drove right past it without slowing down.

I didn't even think about it until I was a mile past.

What I think about now is this.

The bacteria don't resolve on their own.

They don't plateau.

They don't reach a ceiling and stop.

They keep fermenting, keep producing gas, keep pulling water into the intestines, keep damaging the lining, keep making every year harder than the one before.

I lost eleven years.

I lost dinners and holidays and car rides and one funeral I'll never get back.

I can't undo that.

But I stopped losing.

The link is below.

Free shipping, 60-day money-back guarantee, and they include a travel pouch — which I actually use now because I actually leave the house.

https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano


{"id": "facebook_27816370164712027", "days": 8, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/59539b80d7a902aeed8e3b27fcb4512524c8f63659baac40466be45075553602.png"}, "landing": "https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano"}
I had diarrhea so bad at my son's wedding that I missed the vows.

I was in a porta-potty behind the venue clutching my dress while my ex-husband walked him down the aisle instead, and the photo they framed is the four of them at the altar without me.

My daughter-in-law posted it 3 days later.

Caption said "my favorite people."

I stared at it until my screen went dark.

I'd been fine during the ceremony prep.

Hair done.

Dress on.

Second row.

Then 4 minutes before the processional it hit.

No warning.

No buildup.

Just the sudden clench that means you have about 90 seconds.

I got up as quietly as I could.

My sister grabbed my arm and whispered "not now." I pulled away because I didn't have a choice.

The porta-potties were behind the catering tent.

I could hear the music start while I was still 20 feet away.

I heard the vows through plastic walls.

When I came back my seat was empty and everyone was standing for the toast.

My ex's wife caught my eye and looked away.

She knew.

My son didn't say anything about it that night.

Didn't have to.

His father was in the photos and I wasn't.

That said everything.

I've had stomach problems for 8 years.

Since I was 49.

It started after a course of antibiotics for a sinus infection.

Something shifted and never shifted back.

At first it was loose stools a couple times a week.

Then daily.

Then multiple times a day with no warning and no pattern.

Some days 2 episodes.

Some days 7.

Never knew which kind of day it'd be until it was already happening.

The bloating came about a year in.

By noon my stomach was so distended I looked pregnant.

Hard.

Tight.

Painful to touch.

I stopped wearing anything with a waistband.

Elastic everything.

I was dressing to hide my own body from myself.

I stopped going out for dinner.

Stopped going to movies.

Stopped driving anywhere more than 15 minutes from a bathroom I'd already scouted.

My life got smaller every month and I could feel it happening and I couldn't stop it.

My ex remarried when our son was 19.

His wife is one of those people who shows up to everything.

School plays.

Graduations.

Sunday dinners.

She never had to leave halfway through anything because her body decided for her.

I watched her fill every slot I couldn't.

Not because she stole them.

Because I kept leaving them empty.

My son started calling her for things he used to call me about.

What to wear to his interview.

Where to eat for his birthday.

Small things that aren't small.

I went to 3 different gastroenterologists over 5 years.

Colonoscopy.

Endoscopy.

CT scan.

Blood panels.

Everything came back normal.

The last one looked at the results, looked at me, and said "It looks like IBS.

Have you tried managing your stress?"

I'm not stressed.

I'm in a bathroom 6 times a day and you're telling me to manage my stress.

He gave me a pamphlet about the low-FODMAP diet.

I'd already done it for 3 months.

I told him that.

He said try it again.

So I tried it again.

Cut dairy.

Cut gluten.

Cut onions, garlic, beans, anything with fiber.

My food list got shorter and my symptoms didn't change.

Peppermint capsules.

Probiotics that cost $45 a bottle.

Anti-spasmodics that did nothing.

Imodium every night before bed, starting at 1 tablet and climbing to 4 because my body stopped responding.

5 years of doing everything they said and nothing changed except the list of things I'd missed.

The wedding was the last one.

Not because I decided.

Because something broke when I saw that photo.

"My favorite people." And I wasn't in it.

I'd spent 5 years being patient and compliant.

Taking the pills.

Eating the diet.

Going to the appointments.

Doing everything right.

And my reward was a porta-potty in a $200 dress while my ex-husband did my job.

That night I was lying in bed at 2am.

Not sad.

Furious.

Not at my son.

Not at my ex.

At every doctor who looked at normal test results and gave me 3 letters and a pamphlet and moved on.

IBS.

That's not a diagnosis.

That's a label they put on it when they can't find anything and don't want to keep looking.

I typed "why does IBS treatment never work" into Google and started reading everything I could find.

I ended up in a health forum.

A thread from a woman who'd had IBS for 12 years.

She said she'd eventually found out she didn't have IBS at all.

She had something called SIBO.

Small intestinal bacterial overgrowth.

Bacteria growing in a part of the gut where they shouldn't be.

They feed on whatever you eat and produce hydrogen gas as a byproduct.

That's the bloating.

That's why it doesn't matter what diet you follow.

The bacteria eat whatever you eat.

The hydrogen-producing bacteria speed up gut motility and pull water into the intestines.

That's the diarrhea.

That's why there's no warning.

That's why Imodium can't touch it.

The bacteria are still there every time you eat, producing hydrogen, pulling water in, and pushing everything through before the body can absorb it.

I looked it up.

The American Journal of Gastroenterology published a study showing that up to 78% of patients diagnosed with IBS actually had SIBO.

Not a small overlap.

The majority.

And the standard tests — colonoscopy, endoscopy, CT scan — none of them can detect it.

SIBO sits in the small intestine where those scopes don't reach.

A simple breath test would have shown it.

3 gastroenterologists. 5 years.

Not one of them ordered a breath test.

I wasn't crazy.

I wasn't stressed.

I wasn't eating wrong or being lazy or failing to manage myself.

My gut was overrun with bacteria that nobody looked for.

I kept reading.

There's a compound in oregano called carvacrol.

A 2025 clinical study led by Dr. Michael Ruscio found that oregano oil achieved between 60 and 100% eradication of SIBO.

Not symptom management.

Eradication.

Carvacrol disrupts the outer membrane of the gram-negative bacteria that drive SIBO.

The hydrogen producers.

The ones responsible for the diarrhea and the bloating.

And it does something else.

SIBO bacteria build biofilms.

Protective shields in the small intestine that block treatments from reaching them.

Carvacrol breaks through those biofilms.

It also protects the tight junction proteins in the gut lining.

The ones that hold the intestinal wall together.

SIBO breaks them down.

Carvacrol preserves them.

For the first time in 5 years, something matched what was happening inside me.

But here's the problem.

SIBO damages the lining of the small intestine.

When that lining is damaged, the body can't absorb capsules properly.

They dissolve but the compounds don't get through.

So oregano capsules from the supplement aisle don't work.

The carvacrol never reaches the bacteria.

The pharmaceutical option is rifaximin.

An antibiotic.

It kills the SIBO bacteria.

It also kills the beneficial bacteria that keep the rest of the gut stable.

The American Journal of Gastroenterology reported a 43.7% relapse rate after rifaximin.

Nearly half the people who take it end up right back where they started because the good bacteria that were keeping things in balance got wiped out too.

And a 2024 study in Nature found that rifaximin can cause cross-resistance to last-resort antibiotics.

The ones hospitals save for when nothing else works.

Plus it requires a prescription.

Which means going back to a doctor who spent 5 years telling me to manage my stress and try the FODMAP diet again.

I could see what was wrong.

I could see what should fix it.

And I couldn't get to it.

Further down the forum thread, a woman wrote that she'd tried rifaximin twice.

Relapsed both times.

Then she found liquid oregano oil drops.

Not capsules.

Drops.

Liquid bypasses the damaged gut lining entirely.

No dissolution needed.

No reliance on a wrecked intestine to break anything down.

The carvacrol makes direct contact with the bacteria the moment it reaches the small intestine.

She named the company.

Nutrition Therapy.

I looked them up.

Oil of oregano drops. 2 dropperfuls in your morning coffee.

That's it.

No prescription.

No capsules dissolving in a gut that can't absorb them.

No antibiotic that wipes everything out so the bacteria just grow back.

I ordered a bottle and closed my laptop.

Didn't tell anyone.

Didn't feel hope.

Just felt tired.

For the first 2 weeks I wasn't sure anything was different.

Maybe less cramping in the morning.

Maybe.

I'd been burned too many times to trust it.

Then one morning I went to the bathroom and it was solid.

Formed.

No urgency.

I sat there staring at the wall because I couldn't remember the last time that had happened without Imodium the night before.

It happened again 2 days later.

And again.

I kept waiting for it to stop working.

By 6 weeks I was going once in the morning.

Normal.

No Imodium.

No checking the route for bathrooms before I left the house.

I pressed my fingers into my stomach one afternoon.

Soft.

Not hard, not tight, not the distended thing I'd been hiding under elastic waistbands for years.

Soft.

I cried in my kitchen.

Standing up.

Didn't try to stop it.

Last month my son had a barbecue.

I brought a pie and sat in the backyard for 4 hours.

Ate potato salad and ribs and a second piece of pie.

I didn't check where the bathroom was.

I didn't think about it once.

My ex's wife said "you seem good." I said "I am."

That wedding photo is still on their mantle.

I saw it last week when I dropped off a birthday card.

The four of them at the altar without me.

I don't think about it the way I used to.

I can't undo that day.

Can't undo the 5 years or the slots I left empty or the things my son stopped calling me about first.

But I'm done leaving slots empty.

If you've been told it's IBS and handed a pamphlet and told to manage your stress, and you're still in the bathroom while someone else fills the spaces you keep leaving behind, it might not be IBS.

It might be something nobody tested you for.

Nutrition Therapy Oil of Oregano Drops. 2 dropperfuls in your morning coffee.

Free shipping. 60-day money-back guarantee.

If nothing changes, full refund.

https://nutritiontherapy.co/products/oil-of-oregano
