{"id": "facebook_1812962690062686", "days": 1, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/1df9e2af8c61fda13cf76755159fc60b053349adbc3398786e621c39db4fe512.png"}, "landing": "https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm"}
I had already pooped three times before our Santorini excursion.

But my husband was still standing beside the cabin door with our tickets while I waited for the pressure in my belly to come back.

Every time I stood up, I felt as if the bowel movement had stopped halfway through.

The ship's doctor asked me one question my gastroenterologist had never asked.

"How many of those bowel movements actually feel complete?"

I'm 56 years old.

My husband and I saved for two years for this cruise.

Two weeks through the Mediterranean.

Greece, Italy and Spain.

Day four was Santorini.

We had paid for the excursion months earlier.

My husband was dressed and standing beside the cabin door with our tickets.

I was sitting on the toilet for the third time that morning.

The first portion had come out before breakfast.

It looked normal enough that I washed my hands and assumed I was done.

Twenty minutes later, a dull pressure returned low in my belly.

I went back and passed a much smaller portion.

But when I stood up, I still did not feel empty.

So I sat down again and pushed harder.

Almost nothing came out.

I could go.

I just couldn't trust that I was finished.

"Give me another twenty minutes," I called through the bathroom door.

My husband did not complain.

That somehow made me feel worse.

He sat on the edge of the bed with our tickets while I walked between the bathroom and the cabin door waiting for another urge.

Eventually, the excursion could not wait for my body.

I picked up my bag and left with the same pressure under my waistband.

Santorini was exactly as beautiful as the photographs.

White buildings.

Blue roofs.

The sea below us.

But I spent the morning checking where the nearest restroom was.

Every time the pressure became stronger, I wondered whether I needed to find a bathroom again.

My belly became more swollen as the morning went on.

I loosened the button inside my skirt and kept walking.

That was the fourth morning of the cruise that had started the same way.

Two or three attempts.

No clean feeling that the movement had actually ended.

And another piece of the trip spent planning around a bathroom.

When we returned to the ship, my husband put the tickets on the dresser.

"This is taking over the trip," he said.

He was right.

At home, nobody saw it.

I could get up early, make another attempt and quietly wait near my own bathroom.

On the ship, every breakfast, excursion and departure time made the problem visible.

My husband had watched me put down my bag and return to the bathroom four mornings in a row.

"Please talk to the doctor," he said.

I did not want to explain this to a stranger.

I had already told my gastroenterologist about the repeat trips and lingering pressure.

But our conversations always came back to how often I went and what I was taking.

I always answered, "Every morning."

That answer made the problem sound smaller than it felt.

But I had spent two years saving for this cruise.

I did not want to spend the rest of it waiting beside a cabin bathroom.

The next morning, I went to the ship's concierge.

She found me an appointment that afternoon.

The medical office was small and clean.

Deck 3, near the center of the ship.

Dr. Weber had an Austrian accent and looked to be in her mid-fifties.

She examined my abdomen and asked where I felt the pressure.

Then she sat across from me with a pen.

"When was your last bowel movement?" she asked.

"This morning," I said.

"Three times."

She looked up.

"Three complete bowel movements?"

I hesitated.

"I don't know."

She asked me to describe exactly what happened.

So I told her about the normal-looking first portion.

The pressure returning over breakfast.

The smaller second portion.

The third attempt that sometimes produced almost nothing.

I told her that the pressure could stay with me until lunch.

I told her about the trapped gas and the waistband I kept loosening.

Then she asked the question that changed everything.

"How many of those movements actually feel complete?"

I laughed because the answer sounded ridiculous once I said it aloud.

"Maybe one a week."

She put down her pen.

"Then you are counting bathroom visits," she said.

"You are not counting complete bowel movements."

Before working in ship medicine, Dr. Weber had spent years in a GI motility clinic in Austria.

She had heard this pattern before.

She called it incomplete evacuation.

Then she explained what she could and could not know from my symptoms.

The repeated portions, bloating and pressure suggested that the movement was not carrying through cleanly.

She said she had seen that combination of fragmented output, trapped gas and lingering pressure in some patients with elevated methane.

"When you get home, ask your gastroenterologist for a methane breath test," she said.

She wrote the name of the test on a piece of paper.

Underneath it, she wrote four things for me to track.

How many bathroom visits it took before I felt finished.

Whether I ever felt completely empty.

How much time passed between the first portion and the end of the movement.

And whether the pressure followed me into breakfast or out of the house.

Just a better question, a test to request and a way to describe what my mornings were actually costing me.

For the rest of the cruise, I kept thinking about the difference between going and finishing.

Seven years.

My gastroenterologist had asked how often I went.

She had recommended more water, fiber and MiraLAX.

I had answered, "Every morning."

Neither of us had stopped to measure whether those mornings ever ended with relief.

When we returned to Boston, I called her office.

"The ship's doctor told me to ask for a methane breath test," I said.

The test kit arrived with instructions for the day before.

On the morning of the test, I drank the solution and breathed into a series of collection bags over the next few hours.

The test cost me nearly $300, and collecting all the carefully timed breath samples took most of the morning.

When the report came back, my gastroenterologist scheduled a call.

"Your methane reached 28 parts per million," she said.

"The laboratory marks 10 or more as methane-positive."

Twenty-eight parts per million.

The laboratory threshold was ten.

For the first time, I had something more objective than pressure, guesses and another morning near the toilet.

My gastroenterologist explained that the positive result could fit a slower-movement pattern.

Then she asked what I wanted to do next.

I told her I needed a few days to understand what the result meant before I added another remedy to my shelf.

That night, I opened my laptop at 11:45.

My first search was simple.

"methane positive breath test constipation"

Then I searched:

"methane slow intestinal movement"

"why poop comes out in separate portions"

"methane incomplete evacuation"

At 1:30 in the morning, I was still reading.

I did not understand every scientific term.

I did not try to pretend that I did.

But I kept finding one connection that made my own mornings finally make sense.

Higher methane was associated with slower movement through the gut.

In my own words, it acted like a brake.

I pictured the conveyor belt at a grocery-store checkout.

The belt could start moving and carry the first few groceries toward the cashier.

Then it could slow before the rest reached the end.

The first groceries arriving did not mean the whole order had arrived.

The belt still had to keep moving.

That was what my three bathroom trips felt like.

The first portion came out because the movement started.

The pressure remained because it had not finished.

When another weaker wave came twenty minutes later, I returned and passed a little more.

If a third wave came, I made a third trip.

If it did not, I carried that unfinished pressure into breakfast and through the rest of the morning.

That was why I could poop three times and still feel constipated.

Once I understood that, I went back through everything I had tried.

Water sometimes made the first portion easier to pass.

MiraLAX drew more water into the stool and sometimes made that first portion softer and larger.

But softer output was not the same as a movement that continued until I felt empty.

Fiber gave the slowed movement more material to carry and often left me more bloated.

Magnesium could loosen the stool without guaranteeing that the movement would finish.

Senna and Dulcolax could create urgency and extra trips, but the same unfinished pattern returned after the temporary force wore off.

For years, I had treated each remedy as another way to make more come out.

More water to soften it.

More fiber to enlarge it.

More magnesium to loosen it.

More stimulant to force it.

But the result I wanted was not more output.

It was one bowel movement that began and finished.

The next evening, I started with a question I had not known to ask before.

"what produces methane inside the gut"

That was when I learned that methane came from microbes called methanogens living among the larger community inside the gut.

They used material left behind by other microbes.

The more active they became, the more methane they could produce.

So I searched again.

"methanogens gut microbial balance"

"support beneficial gut bacteria polyphenols"

That trail led me repeatedly to plant compounds called polyphenols.

One group of those compounds was called anthocyanins.

They were the dark red, blue and purple pigments found in certain plants.

What caught my attention was that some of those compounds can continue into the lower gut, where they interact with the microbial community.

I kept reading about the possibility that they could help beneficial bacteria compete in that environment.

I need to be clear about what I found.

I did not find a paper promising that one cup of ordinary tea would cure every case of constipation.

I found a direction that made sense alongside my positive methane test.

Support the microbial balance.

Reduce the advantage methane-producing microbes had gained.

Potentially ease part of the brake on movement.

Give the bowel movement a better chance to continue beyond the first portion.

Then I compared foods and drinks that contained the compounds I had written down.

That was what kept bringing me back to hibiscus.

Its deep-red flowers contained the anthocyanins and polyphenols I had been reading about, and I could brew them into a concentrated daily drink.

The dark color was not simply decoration.

It was a visible clue that the pigment was still present.

But the more I searched, the more I realized that the word hibiscus on the front of a box told me almost nothing about what was inside.

Anthocyanin pigments can be affected by heat, air, rough processing and long storage.

Crushing a flower into small pieces exposes more of it to those conditions.

Blending a little hibiscus with rosehips, peppermint, flavoring and other herbs can make water look red without providing the amount of hibiscus I thought I was buying.

Dark, intact flowers gave me a visible sign that the pigment had not already disappeared into old tea dust.

Organic growing reduced the question of what had been sprayed onto something I planned to brew every day.

High-altitude growing mattered because stronger sunlight can encourage the plant to make more protective pigment.

Hand-picking allowed deeper-red flowers to be selected instead of harvesting everything for volume.

Careful drying helped preserve the dark color after the flowers were picked.

And a concentrated deep-ruby brew gave me one final visible check in my cup.

So I wrote down five requirements.

Organic whole flowers.

High-altitude grown.

Hand-picked.

Carefully dried.

A concentrated deep-ruby brew.

Then I did what I always did when a simple solution sounded expensive.

I tried to save money.

The grocery store eight minutes from our house had a bright red box with a hibiscus flower on the front.

It cost $3.79.

I told myself hibiscus was hibiscus.

I opened the box at my kitchen table.

The bags contained pale crushed pieces mixed with other herbs.

The tea turned pinkish red instead of deep ruby.

But I had already paid for it.

So I decided to test it properly.

Every morning, I recorded how many bathroom visits it took before I felt finished.

I recorded whether I ever felt completely empty.

I recorded how many minutes passed between the first portion and the end of the movement.

And I recorded whether the pressure followed me into breakfast or out of the house.

I drank two cups of the grocery-store tea every day for 21 days.

One with breakfast.

One after dinner.

During the first seven days, I needed three bathroom visits on five mornings and two visits on the other two.

Not one of those seven mornings felt completely finished.

During the second seven days, I made 18 bathroom trips.

Only one morning ended with a complete feeling.

The pressure followed me into breakfast on five mornings and out of the house on three.

During the final seven days, I made 19 bathroom trips.

Only one morning felt complete.

The process still consumed between 90 minutes and three hours.

At the end of 21 days, I turned the box over.

Hibiscus.

Rosehips.

Lemongrass.

Peppermint.

Natural flavor.

The tea was red.

But I had not bought the dark whole flowers described in my research.

I had bought a flavored blend that happened to contain some hibiscus.

The flowers were not whole.

They were not dark and intact.

There was no high-altitude growing or hand-picking information.

The brew was not deep ruby.

And the hibiscus was blended with four other ingredients.

So I narrowed my search to products that met every requirement.

That was how I found PiPi Tea.

PiPi Tea used organic whole hibiscus flowers.

The flowers were high-altitude grown.

They were hand-picked.

They were carefully dried to preserve their dark pigment.

They were dark, intact and nothing like the pale dust in the tea bags I had just finished.

When brewed, they produced the concentrated deep-ruby cup I had been trying to find.

I ordered PiPi Tea from https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm.

It arrived three days later.

I opened the bag at my kitchen table.

The first thing I noticed was that I could see the flowers.

They were whole.

They were dark red.

They looked nothing like the powder I had steeped for three weeks.

I brewed one cup the next morning.

The water turned deep ruby in three minutes.

I drank it with breakfast.

I brewed another cup after dinner.

And I continued using the same notebook.

During my final seven days using the grocery-store tea, I had made 19 bathroom trips.

Only one of those seven mornings ended with a complete feeling.

The process usually consumed between 90 minutes and three hours.

The pressure followed me into breakfast on five mornings and out of the house on three.

Here is exactly what happened next.

PiPi Week 1 was not dramatic.

I made 17 bathroom trips across seven mornings.

I needed three trips on three mornings and two trips on the other four.

Two of the seven mornings eventually felt complete.

The pressure followed me into breakfast on four mornings and out of the house on three.

PiPi Week 2 was the first time the pattern clearly shifted.

I made 13 bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Four mornings needed two trips.

One morning needed three.

On Thursday and Sunday, I went once and stood up feeling empty.

Four of the seven mornings felt complete that week.

The pressure followed me beyond breakfast on three mornings instead of five.

PiPi Week 3 was when I started to believe this was different.

I made ten bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Four mornings ended after one visit.

Three mornings needed two visits.

Five of the seven mornings felt complete.

The average time between the first portion and feeling finished fell from nearly two hours to 34 minutes.

The pressure followed me out of the house twice.

PiPi Week 4 was the week I began trusting the complete feeling.

I made eight bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Six mornings ended after one visit.

One morning needed a second trip.

Six of the seven mornings felt complete.

The pressure followed me beyond breakfast once that entire week.

On Friday, I stood up after one visit and felt no returning pressure.

Normally, I would still have waited twenty minutes just in case.

That morning, I got dressed, picked up my bag and left the house with my husband.

I did not put the bag down again.

The next month was not perfect, but the improvement held.

By PiPi Week 8, 20 of 28 mornings ended after one bathroom visit.

Twenty-four of those 28 mornings felt complete.

Seven mornings needed a second visit.

One difficult morning still needed three.

The pressure followed me out of the house on three of those 28 mornings.

I used MiraLAX four times across those four weeks instead of roughly 20 times.

By PiPi Week 12, I had recorded 25 complete mornings out of 28.

Twenty-two ended after one visit.

Five needed a second visit.

One needed three.

Three mornings still felt incomplete.

But not one of the 28 disappeared into a three-hour wait.

The pressure followed me beyond breakfast twice.

At three months, I returned to my gastroenterologist with the notebook.

She reviewed the methane report first.

Then she looked at the numbers I had tracked.

She circled the 19 bathroom trips before PiPi Tea.

Then she circled eight trips in Week 4.

Then she circled 22 one-visit mornings in my final 28 days.

Finally, she circled the 25 mornings that had ended with a complete feeling.

"This is a meaningful change in the complaint you actually came in with," she said.

"Not simply going more often."

"Finishing."

I stopped counting how many times I went.

I started noticing whether I felt finished.

My gastroenterologist had not been hiding the question from me.

She had asked about frequency because that was how I had always described the problem.

Dr. Weber had given me a different question.

The breath test gave me the number.

And my own research finally helped me understand why the distinction mattered.

I turned 57 later that year.

I still go to the bathroom most mornings.

The difference is that now, most mornings, I go once.

I stand up feeling empty.

I wash my hands and leave the bathroom without waiting for another wave.

Last month, my husband and I spent a weekend near the coast.

On Saturday morning, we had tickets for the first ferry.

I went to the bathroom once before breakfast.

Twelve minutes later, I stood up feeling empty.

My husband was beside the hotel door holding the tickets.

I picked up my bag and walked toward him.

I did not put it down.

He looked at me for a second.

"You're not waiting anymore," he said.

I had not realized he remembered those mornings on the cruise as clearly as I did.

I don't get anything from sharing this.

I just know what it is like to make three bathroom trips and still leave feeling unfinished.

If you go every morning but still stand up feeling as if you never completely emptied your bowels, you know what I mean.

You know the first trip that looks successful.

You know the pressure that returns after you wash your hands.

You know the smaller second portion.

You know the third attempt that produces almost nothing.

You know what it is to keep asking for another twenty minutes.

You know the bloating and trapped gas that follow you after the bathroom.

And you know the frustration of making more come out without ever getting the complete relief you wanted.

The number of times you sit on the toilet is not the same as the number of complete bowel movements you have.

Three visits can still be one unfinished movement.

In my case, testing showed methane at 28 parts per million against a laboratory threshold of ten.

That result gave me a reason to investigate why my movement kept losing force before the end.

That is why the anthocyanins and polyphenols mattered to me.

They were not there to create one more violent flush.

I chose them to support the microbial environment I had been researching.

Support a healthier microbial balance.

Make the environment less favorable to methane-producing microbes.

Potentially reduce methane activity.

Ease part of the braking pressure on the colon's contractions.

Give the movement a better chance to carry through to the finish.

But the quality of the hibiscus mattered.

I learned that after wasting 21 days on a $3.79 blended tea bag.

PiPi Tea uses organic whole hibiscus flowers.

The flowers are high-altitude grown.

They are hand-picked.

They are carefully dried to preserve their dark pigment.

They brew deep ruby because the dark pigment is still present in the flower.

That is the difference between buying a red herbal drink and buying the whole-flower hibiscus my research taught me to look for.

Right now, PiPi Tea is offering significant savings on its multi-bag bundles.

Every order is also backed by a 90-day money-back guarantee.

You can try the tea and track the measure that matters.

How many visits does one movement take?

How long passes between the first portion and feeling finished?

How often does the pressure follow you beyond the bathroom?

How many mornings end with you genuinely feeling empty?

If after 90 days you do not feel your morning rhythm returning, you can send it back.

You can return the bag even if you tried it.

You get your money back.

No restocking fee.

Tap the link below to see whether PiPi Tea is still available.

https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm

There is one thing to remember before you order.

Do not assume every tea with a red flower on the box is the same.

Look for organic whole flowers.

Look for high-altitude growing.

Look for hand-picking.

Look for careful drying.

Look for the concentrated deep-ruby brew.

Those were the five requirements I wrote down.

Those were the requirements my $3.79 box failed.

Those were the requirements I found in PiPi Tea.

If PiPi Tea is available, do not give another month of mornings to the same unfinished movement.

Do not keep measuring success by whether something came out.

Measure whether the movement actually ended.

You can look into PiPi Tea here.

https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm

P.S. My husband took a photograph of me in Santorini.

The white buildings and blue water were behind me.

But I was turned halfway back toward the restroom sign with one hand pressed below my waistband.

Last month, he took another photograph while we waited for the ferry near the coast.

My bag was already over my shoulder.

I was looking toward the water instead of back toward the hotel bathroom.

He showed me the two photographs side by side.

In the first one, I was waiting for my body to finish.

In the second one, it already had.


{"id": "facebook_1089546423758370", "days": 31, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/f26aae55a4cab9bebb02f5a4774edb9bf36b9a4f0e868ba8df6ec1eff249809b.png"}, "landing": "https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/sp-nm"}
I've played church organ for 40 years. Then I got Stage 3 kidney disease. I tried everything. Here's what actually worked.

I've played for Sunday services, weddings, funerals, Christmas Eve, Easter morning, and every Wednesday choir practice you can imagine.

When you sit at the front of a church for that long, you notice when people start disappearing.

The woman who used to sing every week starts sitting out half the hymns.

The man who always carried folding chairs starts stopping halfway down the hall.

Someone asks you to pray for their kidney numbers.

Someone else mentions swollen ankles, or being up 3 or 4 times every night running to the bathroom.

People say these things quietly. In the aisle after service. Beside the coffee table. In the parking lot when they think nobody else is listening.

Day and night, it never stops.

About three years ago, it happened to me. My own kidneys started declining out of control. I have stage 3 kidney disease. All those years of putting everyone else first, skipping meals between lessons, and telling myself I was fine finally caught up with me.

At first it was just feeling tired after lunch. Then came the swelling. Those sudden waves of exhaustion and brain fog that hit you out of nowhere. By the end of my last piano lesson, I could barely follow the notes on the page. But the worst part? Nighttime.

The second I'd finally fall asleep, I'd wake up needing to pee. Again. And again. I'd be dragging myself to the bathroom three, sometimes four times a night, feeling exhausted and thirsty no matter how much water I drank.

Now I was the one living with it.

And let me tell you, every woman who had whispered it to me after church was right.

It's a living hell.

My doctor looked at my numbers and said, "Well, you're stage 3, but it's not critical yet. Let's just keep monitoring. Drink more water, cut your sodium."

That was it.

Forty years at the front of a church teaches you what decline looks like before people name it.

Someone stops singing the last hymn.

Someone starts sitting near the aisle because the bathroom is closer.

Someone who used to stay for Sunday dinner slips out before coffee because they are too tired to make conversation.

And now that my own kidney numbers were sliding, the plan was still just water, sodium, and waiting.

I sat in that parking lot for ten minutes just staring at my steering wheel.

I did not know everything a nurse knows.

But I knew what it looked like when a person's life started getting smaller.

And mine was.

I was cancelling lessons.

I was afraid of Sunday mornings.

I was losing my place on the hymn page, feeling my ankles swell inside my church shoes, and pretending it was just age.

But apparently my numbers weren't bad enough for him to care yet.

I asked about other options.

He mentioned dialysis as something we might consider "down the road."

Like it was no big deal.

I've watched too many people lose their whole week to that process. The rides. The waiting rooms. The three-times-a-week schedule that takes over your entire life. The way everything else has to fit around it.

I wasn't about to trade one nightmare for another. And I wasn't about to just sit there and "monitor" while my kidneys got worse.

So I started looking into natural options. Cranberry supplements. Kidney support blends. Cutting protein completely. Nothing really worked, but what else was I supposed to do?

Every woman at church had something that helped her cousin.

One brought me cranberry capsules. Another wrote down a kidney cleanse her brother used. Someone else told me to try celery juice every morning. They meant well. That was the hard part.

I bought some of it. More than I want to admit.

My daughter found the bottles in my kitchen cabinet and told me I was "turning into one of those people."

She said I should just listen to my doctor.

Easy for her to say.

She's not the one waking up four times a night wondering if her kidneys are going to give out.

Then about two months ago, one of the older women in choir came to practice.

Her name was Marjorie. She sat second row, alto section, always with a pencil tucked behind her ear and a peppermint in her purse. I'd played beside her voice every Wednesday for twelve years, and she'd been the one who brought soup when my husband died.

She had stage 3 kidney disease too, and declining function for years. She'd been struggling with it for over a decade. I always felt terrible for her because she'd tried everything and nothing gave her more than a few points of stable eGFR.

But this time she seemed different.

Lighter somehow.

I noticed it before rehearsal even started. She walked to her chair without stopping halfway down the aisle. Her shoes were not cutting into her ankles.

After practice, I asked her how she was managing, and she said something I didn't expect.

She told me her kidney function actually wasn't declining anymore.

Then she said, "The problem wasn't just pressure. It was rust."

I remember just staring at her.

Rust?

She told me she'd found this tea - hibiscus tea - with natural antioxidants. Been drinking it every morning. And for the first time in years, she was sleeping through the night without waking up to pee.

I'll be honest, I was very skeptical.

I've heard every miracle cure story you can imagine in a church basement.

But she seemed so genuinely relieved. Like she'd finally found something that actually worked.

That same night, my kidneys were acting up again. I woke up twice to pee and couldn't get back to sleep.

And I kept thinking about what she'd said.

Rust.

So I pulled out my laptop and started digging. Because clearly nobody else was going to figure this out for me. Not my doctor with his "let's just monitor." Not the medical system that had been telling women like Marjorie and me the same useless advice for years.

And that's when I found the part that made me angry.

Your kidneys aren't one big filter. They're millions of tiny filters called nephrons. Tiny little loops of blood vessel, thinner than a hair, working day and night to pull waste out of your blood.

And when those tiny filters get hit by oxidative stress, they start wearing down.

Like rust.

A porch light can still switch on, but if the wiring behind the wall is corroded, the light keeps flickering.

That was what scared me.

Quietly. Slowly. A little more every month.

The pressure damages them. The rust wears down what is left. And once enough of those little filters scar, they don't just come back because your doctor told you to drink more water.

I nearly shut my laptop right there.

Because suddenly all those women made sense. Their pressure looked better. Their chart said "managed." But their ankles were still swelling. They were still up all night. Their eGFR was still sliding.

Monitoring rust is not the same thing as stopping it.

A pressure pill can lower the cuff. It doesn't revive a rusted filter.

That was the turn for me.

Not that blood pressure does not matter. Of course it matters. I am not stupid.

The turn was realizing my doctor was watching one number while the rust kept wearing down the filters underneath.

Then I found why hibiscus mattered.

Turns out, the deep red compounds in hibiscus tea - anthocyanins, polyphenols, flavonoids, and organic acids - restore your kidney cells' ability to filter toxins properly.

It does not force your kidneys to work harder like treatments do.

It helps support what is left, so the rust does not keep winning quietly in the background.

The science actually made sense.

And it made me angry, because this information is not hard to find. Doctors just don't look for it.

I ordered some hibiscus tea. Figured I had nothing to lose. Worst case, it wouldn't work and I'd be out a few dollars.

When it arrived, I made a cup that first morning. I didn't expect much. Just another thing to try.

After about a week, my eGFR improved a little. From 42 up to 45. Better. But not life-changing.

So I bought a different brand. This one was cheaper, came in tea bags from the grocery store instead of loose flower.

After two weeks, my numbers stayed about the same. Maybe 46 in the mornings. Still too low.

I was getting frustrated. Everyone said hibiscus tea worked. But it wasn't working for me.

So I went back and started reading more carefully.

That's when I noticed something.

People weren't just saying "hibiscus tea." They were getting specific about which hibiscus tea.

One person said they tried three different brands before finding one that actually worked. Another mentioned most hibiscus tea you can buy online is "flower dust" - the broken leftover scraps from processing that don't have any of the actual healing compounds.

I started researching. Turns out, most hibiscus teas are:

* Over-processed (which destroys the antioxidants)
* Grown at low elevations (weaker potency)
* Mixed with flower dust and fillers
* Sprayed with pesticides
* Machine-harvested (damages the flowers)

The hibiscus teas that actually made sense for kidney rust had to be:

* Whole flower (not dust or broken pieces)
* Grown above 4,500 feet (higher altitude = more potent antioxidants)
* Hand-picked at peak harvest (preserves the anthocyanins and polyphenols)
* Traditionally processed (protects the healing antioxidants)
* Organic (no pesticides blocking absorption)

I kept seeing the same brand mentioned over and over in the reviews and testimonials.

PiPi Tea.

I ordered it. It was more expensive than the others I'd tried, but at that point I didn't care.

When it arrived, I could tell the difference immediately. The flowers were whole, deep red, and perfectly dried. The smell was different. Richer, almost sweet.

When I steeped it, the color was deeper.

I made a cup that first morning. Steeped it for five minutes. I didn't expect much. I'd already tried two other brands.

But about 30 minutes later, I noticed something.

The usual mid-morning fatigue wasn't happening.

I sat down for my first piano lesson and followed the sheet music without losing my place. I went from feeling like I was dragging through the day to actually feeling clear-headed and steady.

That night, I slept through.

Actually slept through without a single bathroom trip.

No waking up at 2 AM. No stumbling to the bathroom half-asleep. Just sleep.

When I woke up the next morning, I laid there stunned.

Eight hours.

I'd slept eight hours without waking up once.

By the end of the first week, I paid for labs myself at a walk-in place across town.

54.

Not 46 like with the other brands.

54.

I checked it three times because I didn't believe it. It hadn't been over 50 in over a year.

That foamy urine that used to scare me every morning? Gone.

The burning sensation that made me dread peeing? Cleared up almost completely.

I could teach a full afternoon without feeling like I needed a nap by 2 PM.

It's been two months now.

I sleep through the night. Every night.

The foaming is gone. The burning is gone. Sometimes I get a tiny bit of fatigue after a long Sunday, but it's nothing. Nothing compared to what it was.

And the strange part is what changed at the organ.

Before, every hymn felt like a test I was afraid my hands would fail.

Now I can play a full service without staring at my fingers like they belong to someone else.

Last Sunday, I played all four verses of the closing hymn without missing the turn.

I went back to my doctor last week.

Same doctor who told me to just drink water and monitor.

He pulled up my chart, looked at my numbers, and actually paused.

He said, "Whatever you changed, your function has improved significantly. This is not what I expected to see."

I just smiled.

I didn't tell him what I was taking. I didn't need to. I just needed to hear him say what I already knew.

That I was right to keep looking.

I saw Marjorie last week and thanked her.

She just smiled and said she was glad it helped.

And my daughter, the one who said I was "turning into one of those people"?

She called me last week. Said she could tell something was different about me. I sounded clearer, I had more energy, I wasn't complaining about being tired all the time.

She asked me what I was doing.

I told her about PiPi Tea.

She ordered a bag that same night.

Look, for almost three years I thought I just had to live with the declining function and kidney symptoms. That this was my life now. That I should just "monitor" it and accept it.

But I was wrong.

And so was everyone who told me to stop looking for an answer.

And here's the thing. Not all hibiscus tea is created equal.

I wasted weeks on cheap brands that barely moved the needle because they looked red but didn't carry enough of the red to matter.

PiPi Tea's organic, high-altitude, whole-flower hibiscus is the only one that actually worked for me.

If Marjorie hadn't mentioned kidney rust that day, I'd still be waking up exhausted with my kidneys declining. Still sitting in that doctor's office hearing "let's just keep monitoring."

I've told five women with kidney disease who asked why I seemed different about PiPi Tea specifically.

Every single one of them has come back and said their function is improving. One lady told me she slept through the night for the first time in three years. Another said her doctor asked what she'd changed. Same reaction mine had.

I'm sharing this because I hope it can help someone else the way it helped me.

After 40 years playing for people through baptisms, weddings, funerals, and every hard Sunday in between, I thought I knew how to keep showing up.

Turns out, one woman in my choir knew something my doctor didn't.

Here's where I got mine: https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/sp-nm

(They're running a sale right now, significant savings. I just ordered 3 more bags.)

~ Elaine M.

P.S. - A few things I wish I'd known before ordering:

When I first ordered PiPi Tea, I didn't know they had a 90-day money-back guarantee.

If it doesn't work for you, you get your money back. No questions asked.

I wish I'd known that earlier. It would've saved me from trying those cheaper brands that didn't do anything.

Most people buy it at regular price, but right now they're running a promotion where you can get it at a significant discount.

That's actually how I was able to stock up on three bags. The savings made it possible.

The only problem is that PiPi Tea is a small, family-run company. They're getting really popular, probably because kidney patients keep telling each other, and they can't always keep up with demand.

I want to apologize in advance because when you click the link below, you might see that they're sold out.

I've had people wait months before PiPi Tea was back in stock. But I'd still suggest clicking to see if they have any left.

If you're dealing with kidney disease, constant fatigue, brain fog, or waking up multiple times at night, and especially if your doctor has told you to "just monitor" while you keep getting worse, I'd grab some before they're gone again.

I went from eGFR 42 to 58 in three months.

My doctor didn't believe it. My daughter didn't believe it.

But my kidneys don't lie.

If there's even a chance this could work for you, it's worth trying.

Here's where I got mine: https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/sp-nm


{"id": "facebook_1431850758789927", "days": 1, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/b5091257d78bcbd1e142eff7292b55bef1a5648b527d081b8f400cccbf6707ac.png"}, "landing": "https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm"}
I needed 90 extra minutes before work every morning just to finish one bowel movement.

My alarm went off at 5:30 even though I did not start work until nine.

The first part usually came out around 5:45.

I would wash my hands, walk into the kitchen, and tell myself I was done.

Twenty minutes later, the pressure would return.

So I would put my coffee down and go back to the bathroom.

Maybe two small pieces would come out.

Maybe nothing would.

Then I would stand up with the same dull pressure low in my belly.

I would walk between the bedroom and bathroom waiting to find out whether there was going to be a third trip.

Some mornings there was.

Some mornings I kept waiting until seven and the rest never came.

At 8:15, I had to leave whether I felt empty or not.

On unfinished mornings, the pressure and bloating followed me into the car and stayed with me at work.

I am 54 years old.

And until this year, the first 90 minutes of every workday belonged to one bowel movement that never seemed to end.

I am writing this because I finally stopped accepting “you go every day” as an answer.

I wrote down what was actually happening, researched it myself, and brought the pattern to a clinician who ordered the test that finally showed me what had been missed.

That process explained why fiber, MiraLAX, magnesium, probiotics, prunes, and every stronger thing I tried could make more come out without ever making me feel empty.

If you go to the bathroom every morning but still leave for work without feeling completely emptied out, please read this.

You may not think you are constipated because you go every day.

I did not think I was constipated either.

That misunderstanding cost me 90 minutes of sleep and the first part of almost every workday for years.

Let me start at the beginning.

My name is Patricia.

I live in a suburb outside Boston and work in an office about thirty minutes away.

I started noticing the problem when I was 47.

I would have what looked like a normal bowel movement before work.

But when I stood up, I still felt like I had not finished pooping.

It was not a sharp pain.

It was a low, stubborn pressure that made it impossible to forget something still felt unfinished.

At first, I would stay on the toilet for another five minutes and strain, trying to get everything out in one go.

When nothing else came out, I would give up and leave the bathroom.

Then the pressure would return, and I would sit on the toilet and try again.

Soon I was walking around the house for twenty minutes between attempts, watching the clock and waiting for the pressure to send me back.

Eventually, I started building my whole morning around waiting for the second and third urge.

At first, I set my alarm twenty minutes earlier.

Then I moved it back another half hour.

Eventually, I was getting up 90 minutes earlier than I used to.

By 54, I had a system I never admitted was a system.

My alarm went off at 5:30.

The first portion usually came around 5:45.

The second attempt came somewhere between 6:10 and 6:30.

If the pressure stayed, I sat on the toilet and tried again around 6:45.

Whether anything came out or not, I kept waiting near the bathroom until seven because I did not trust that the movement was over.

Then I showered, dressed, packed my lunch, and tried to leave by 8:15.

I use the word “safe,” but I was not afraid of an emergency.

I was afraid of getting into the car with that pressure growing under my waistband.

I was afraid the next urge would arrive while I was sitting in traffic with nowhere to stop.

I was afraid I would reach the office and need to walk straight past my desk to the bathroom.

So I would pick up my work bag.

Then I would put it down again and wait.

“Give it another twenty minutes,” I would tell myself.

Twenty minutes became forty-five.

Forty-five became the entire 90-minute head start.

Nobody at work saw how much time I was losing because I usually arrived on time.

They did not see the 5:30 alarm.

They did not see me make two or three trips before leaving.

They did not see me sitting in the car for one more minute, checking whether the pressure was coming back before I reversed out of the driveway.

I was not late.

I was exhausted.

By nine, I had already been awake for three and a half hours.

I stopped accepting meetings before 9:30 because I wanted time to reach the office bathroom if another urge came.

Before any meeting longer than an hour, I made one more bathroom attempt.

Most times, almost nothing came out.

The truth was that I never knew when my bowel movement had actually ended.

That uncertainty was exhausting.

Even after I left home, I carried the unfinished feeling into work.

Some mornings my belly would swell enough that I loosened the waistband of my work pants under my desk.

Gas would move around but never seem to relieve the pressure.

I could be reading an email or listening in a meeting and still be silently checking my body for the next urge.

That was the cruelest part.

I was going to the bathroom every day.

Sometimes I was going three times before I even left for work.

And I still never received the relief that was supposed to come afterward.

I thought the pressure meant there was one last piece of poop inside me that I had not pushed out.

So I kept trying to force that last piece out.

I pushed harder.

I sat longer.

I drank more water.

I added more fiber.

My first doctor told me to take MiraLAX.

I used it five mornings a week for almost two years.

It made the first portion softer and sometimes larger.

It did not stop the pressure from returning twenty minutes later.

I tried Metamucil for six months.

That gave me more bulk and so much gas that I stopped wearing fitted work pants.

I ate two prunes every morning.

Then four.

Then I added kiwi.

I tried magnesium at night.

I tried three different probiotics.

I tried digestive enzymes.

I tried Smooth Move tea on weekends when I knew I could stay home.

When I became desperate, I took Dulcolax.

That produced urgency.

Sometimes it produced three more trips.

But even after all that output, I could still stand up feeling unfinished.

The whole time, I kept assuming I needed something stronger.

I never considered that I might be treating the wrong part of the problem.

The doctors did not seem to consider it either.

When I said I went every day, they heard “regular.”

When I said I sometimes went three times before ten, they heard “frequent.”

Nobody asked whether any of those trips felt complete.

Then one Sunday night, I opened the notes app on my phone and made four headings.

What time did I wake up?

How many times did I sit on the toilet?

When did I finally feel empty?

Did the pressure follow me into the car or the office?

Seven mornings later, the numbers were sitting in front of me.

Nineteen bathroom trips.

Only one morning that felt complete.

A 5:30 alarm on all five workdays.

Pressure in the car on four of those five mornings.

I stared at the phrase “nineteen bathroom trips” and realized I had no idea whether those were nineteen bowel movements or one movement repeatedly trying to finish.

That was the question I typed into the search bar.

I ignored anything selling a cleanse or promising an overnight flush.

I started with hospital pages, motility-clinic articles, and medical papers I could barely understand.

The phrase that kept appearing was “incomplete evacuation.”

For the first time, I saw my problem described without pretending that going every day meant everything was normal.

I learned that frequency and completion were not the same measurement.

Several bathroom visits could be disconnected attempts to finish one movement.

I also learned that incomplete evacuation could have more than one cause.

That mattered because I did not want to diagnose myself from a search result.

But another word kept appearing beside slow transit, constipation, bloating, and gas.

Methane.

One motility-clinic article described methane as a brake on the contractions that move stool through the colon.

I pictured the conveyor belt at my grocery store.

It could carry the first few groceries forward, then stop while the rest were still sitting behind them.

That sounded uncomfortably close to my mornings.

The first portion came out.

Then the movement seemed to switch off.

Pressure remained until another weaker wave arrived twenty minutes later.

Sometimes a third wave came.

Sometimes it did not.

The more I read, the angrier I became.

For years, everyone had counted how often I went.

I was the only person who had started counting whether any of those trips actually finished the job.

Still, bloating, gas, and broken waves could not prove that methane was causing my problem.

The credible sources all came back to the same point.

It had to be tested.

So I printed my seven-day record and the motility-clinic page that explained the methane connection.

Then I booked a non-emergency appointment with a gastroenterology clinician who worked with motility problems.

She asked how often I went.

I slid the record across her desk and said, “Every morning, but that is not the whole answer.”

She read the nineteen trips.

Then she read the single complete morning.

She looked at the four workdays when the pressure had followed me into the car.

I told her what I had read about methane.

I also told her I knew bloating, gas, and broken waves could not prove that methane was causing my problem.

She said there were several possible explanations, but the pattern gave her a reason to check.

So she ordered the methane breath test.

On the morning of the test, I returned to the clinic.

The instructions were exact about when to test, what to drink, and when each sample had to be collected.

I drank the test solution and breathed into a series of collection bags over the next few hours.

The test cost me nearly $300, and collecting all the carefully timed breath samples took most of the morning.

When the results were ready, I returned to the clinic and sat across from the same clinician.

She turned the report toward me.

“Your methane reached 28 parts per million,” she said.

“The laboratory marks 10 parts per million or more as methane-positive, so this confirms that methane is present in your gut.”

Ten was the laboratory threshold.

Twenty-eight was mine.

For the first time, the methane explanation was not something I had guessed from my symptoms.

It was part of my tested pattern.

When I got home, I opened the notes I had made while researching and went back through the explanation line by line.

I drew the outline of a colon on a sheet of paper.

Then I drew one long arrow followed by two shorter ones.

The first push was still strong enough to move the first portion out.

But methane could slow the coordinated contractions that were supposed to keep carrying the rest forward.

When another weaker wave arrived later, a small second portion could come out.

If the next wave never arrived before work, the movement remained unfinished and the pressure followed me into the car.

I wrote one sentence across the top of the page.

“The problem isn’t the last piece. Your colon stopped pushing before it finished the movement.”

Then I wrote the second sentence that changed how I counted my mornings.

“You kept treating every trip like a new bowel movement. Your body was trying to finish the same one.”

That explained why I could poop three times and still feel constipated.

It also explained why the problem could keep feeding itself.

The research had said methane-producing microbes called methanogens use material left behind by other microbes and produce methane around the clock.

Greater methanogen activity can mean more methane.

More methane can place a stronger brake on colon movement.

And slower movement gives those microbes more time to keep working.

The positive test was what made that loop relevant to my own pattern instead of leaving it as another theory on a screen.

The next question I researched was why those microbes might have become so active.

There was no single automatic explanation.

Antibiotics can disrupt the bacterial communities that once helped keep other microbes in check.

Sustained stress can interfere with normal colon movement.

The gut can also become less resilient as we age.

Around and after menopause, movement and the balance of bacteria can shift at the same time.

Any one of those details alone would not have proved excess methane.

The breath test was what showed that methane belonged in my explanation.

That distinction mattered to me.

I had not diagnosed myself because a symptom sounded familiar.

I had found a possibility, taken the appropriate test, and received an objective result.

Then I went back through every remedy I had tried.

Drinking more water had made me urinate more often.

It could help if dehydration was the reason stool was difficult to pass.

But water alone could not make a pushing wave continue after it had lost force.

MiraLAX pulled more water into the stool.

That could explain why my first portion sometimes became softer and larger.

But adding water did not remove the methane brake from the pushing wave.

More could come out on the first trip while the movement still stopped too early.

Fiber added bulk.

That could help some people.

But when my colon was already moving in weak, broken waves, more bulk gave that slowed movement more material to carry.

It also gave my gut microbes more material to ferment.

That explained why six months of Metamucil had left me fuller, gassier, and no more complete.

Magnesium could draw in water and make stool easier to move.

But easier stool was not the same as a coordinated push that continued until the end.

Dulcolax and stimulant laxatives could force stronger contractions for a while.

That explained the urgency and the extra trips.

But the temporary force wore off.

It did not rebuild the microbial environment associated with the methane pattern.

The brake could still be there the next morning.

The three probiotics I tried had been another guess.

The research explained that a general probiotic might not contain the organisms relevant to my gut, deliver them to the colon in meaningful numbers, or change the microbial community connected to methane production.

Taking a random capsule was not the same as rebuilding the environment that helped beneficial bacteria compete.

And pushing harder could not restart a contraction that had already weakened further up my colon.

It only left me more exhausted after another unfinished attempt.

Then I would reach for another remedy and start the cycle again.

I had spent years trying to make more poop come out.

More water to soften it.

More fiber to enlarge it.

More magnesium to loosen it.

More stimulant to force it.

More straining to chase the last piece.

None of those choices had been aimed at why the movement kept stopping before I felt empty.

My first bowel movement every morning proved that my colon could begin pushing.

The problem was that the push was not carrying through to the finish.

That realization changed the next question I researched.

I no longer searched for something stronger that could force another bowel movement.

I searched for ways to support a healthier microbial environment and make it harder for methane-producing microbes to dominate.

Again, I stayed away from pages selling a cleanse.

I followed the references from university and medical articles, even when I had to read the same paragraph three times.

Two names kept appearing in the papers.

Bifidobacteria.

Faecalibacterium prausnitzii.

I could barely pronounce the second one.

What mattered to me was what these beneficial bacteria could do when they were properly fed.

They could produce substances that helped maintain the environment inside the colon.

One of those substances was called butyrate.

The papers described butyrate as fuel for the cells lining the colon and part of what helps keep that environment balanced.

As those beneficial communities recover, they can compete more effectively with the methane-producing microbes that have gained too much room.

That helped me understand why swallowing another random probiotic had not necessarily changed anything.

The capsule did not prove that the right organisms reached my colon, survived there, or rebuilt the community involved in my methane pattern.

The approach I was reading about was different.

It focused on feeding the beneficial bacteria already trying to compete inside the gut.

Two families of plant compounds kept appearing in research about beneficial gut bacteria.

Anthocyanins.

Polyphenols.

Anthocyanins are the dark red, blue, and purple pigments found in certain plants.

Polyphenols are the broader family of plant compounds they belong to.

Much of what we eat is absorbed earlier in digestion.

But a portion of these compounds can continue into the lower gut, where bacteria can use them.

The logic I wrote in my notebook was simple enough to remember.

Support the beneficial bacteria that compete in the gut environment.

Make it harder for the methane-producing community to dominate.

If methane activity eases, part of the brake on colon movement may ease with it.

With less braking pressure, the coordinated contractions have a better chance of carrying one movement through to completion.

That was the outcome I wanted.

Not more output.

Not a violent flush.

One complete bowel movement followed by relief.

Then I compared foods and drinks rich in both anthocyanins and polyphenols.

Hibiscus kept rising to the top of my notes because its deep-red flowers contain unusually high amounts of both in one plant.

Brewing the flower also gave me a concentrated daily cup without adding another large load of fiber to a gut that already felt full.

Nobody handed me a tea or told me which brand to buy.

I decided I would test the hibiscus category the same way I had tested everything else.

I would keep recording the number of visits, whether I felt complete, my alarm time, and whether the pressure followed me to work.

If the pattern did not change, the numbers would show me.

By then, I had also learned that the word “hibiscus” on the front of a box did not tell me how much useful flower was inside.

The dark pigments can be weakened by heat, air, rough processing, and long storage.

Crushing the flower into small pieces exposes more of it to those conditions.

Blending a little hibiscus with rosehips, peppermint, flavoring, and other herbs can produce red water without giving me the amount of hibiscus I thought I was buying.

So I wrote down five selection criteria.

Hibiscus.

Whole flowers.

Dark and intact.

Deep ruby when brewed.

Not a blend.

I later narrowed that search further to organic flowers that were high-altitude grown, hand-picked, and carefully dried.

But before ordering anything online, I did exactly what I had done with every other simple recommendation.

I tried to save money.

The grocery store was eight minutes from my house.

The tea aisle had a bright red box with a hibiscus flower printed on the front.

It cost $3.79.

I told myself hibiscus was hibiscus.

Before I started, I opened the same note where I had counted nineteen bathroom trips.

I kept recording my alarm time, bathroom visits, whether the movement felt complete, and whether the pressure followed me into the car or office.

I drank two cups a day for 21 days.

One cup with breakfast.

One cup after dinner.

During the first seven days, I needed three bathroom visits on five mornings and two visits on the other two.

My alarm still went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four of those five mornings.

During the second seven days, I made eighteen bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Only one morning felt complete.

I still needed the 5:30 alarm on all five workdays, and I checked the office bathroom as soon as I arrived on four of them.

During the third seven days, I made nineteen trips across seven mornings.

The pressure followed me into work on four of the five workdays.

I had not moved my alarm forward by even one minute.

At the end of 21 days, I turned the box over.

Hibiscus.

Rosehips.

Lemongrass.

Peppermint.

Natural flavor.

The tea was red.

But I had not bought the whole, dark flowers my research described.

I had bought a flavored tea that happened to contain some hibiscus.

The box met only one of the five criteria in my notebook.

It contained hibiscus.

It was not whole flower.

It was not dark and intact.

It did not brew deep ruby.

And it was blended with four other ingredients.

That failure made me stop searching for the cheapest box with a red flower on it.

I searched for the product that matched the criteria instead.

That was how I found PiPi Tea.

PiPi Tea used organic whole hibiscus flowers.

The flowers were high-altitude grown and hand-picked.

They were dark, intact, and nothing like the pale dust in the tea bags I had just finished.

When brewed, they produced the deep-ruby cup I had learned to look for.

I ordered PiPi Tea from https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm.

It arrived three days later.

I opened the bag at my kitchen table.

The first thing I noticed was that I could actually see the flowers.

They were whole.

They were dark red.

They looked nothing like the powder I had been steeping for three weeks.

I brewed one cup the next morning.

The water turned deep ruby in three minutes.

I drank it with breakfast.

I brewed one more cup after dinner.

And I kept using the same morning record I had started before I ever found PiPi Tea.

During my final seven days using the grocery-store tea, I made nineteen bathroom trips.

Only one of those seven mornings ended with a complete feeling.

The whole process usually consumed between 90 minutes and three hours.

My alarm went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four of them.

Here is exactly what happened next.

PiPi Week 1 was not dramatic.

I made seventeen bathroom trips across seven mornings.

I needed three trips on three mornings and two trips on the other four.

Two of the seven mornings felt complete.

My alarm still went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four mornings and stayed with me at my desk on three.

Those two complete mornings were enough for me to risk setting my alarm fifteen minutes later for Week 2.

PiPi Week 2 was the first time the pattern clearly shifted.

I made thirteen bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Four mornings needed two trips.

One morning needed three.

And on Thursday and Sunday, I went once and stood up feeling finished.

Four of the seven mornings felt complete that week.

The pressure followed me into the car on three of the five work mornings and stayed past 9:30 on two.

Because four mornings had felt complete, I risked moving my alarm another fifteen minutes later for Week 3.

PiPi Week 3 was when I started to believe this was different.

I made ten bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Four mornings ended after one visit.

Three mornings needed two visits.

Five of the seven mornings felt complete.

The average time between my first trip and feeling finished fell from nearly two hours to 34 minutes.

The pressure returned during my commute on two of those five mornings.

After five complete mornings that week, I set my alarm for 6:20 at the start of Week 4.

PiPi Week 4 was the week I finally trusted the complete feeling.

I made eight bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Six mornings ended after one visit.

One morning needed a second trip.

Six of the seven mornings felt complete.

The pressure followed me into the car once that entire week.

On Friday, I stood up after one visit and felt no returning pressure.

Normally, I would still have waited twenty minutes just in case.

That morning, I finished getting ready, picked up my work bag, and left at 8:10.

It was the first time I trusted my body enough not to wait for another wave.

The next month was not perfect, but the improvement held.

By PiPi Week 8, twenty of 28 mornings ended after one bathroom visit.

Twenty-four of those 28 mornings felt complete.

Seven mornings needed a second visit, and one difficult morning still needed three.

I set my alarm for 6:35 on all twenty workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on three of those twenty mornings and stayed with me at my desk on two.

I had stopped using Dulcolax completely.

I had used MiraLAX four times across those four weeks instead of roughly twenty times.

By PiPi Week 12, I had recorded twenty-five complete mornings out of 28.

Twenty-two ended after one visit.

Five needed a second visit, and one needed three.

Three mornings still felt incomplete, but not one of the 28 disappeared into a three-hour wait.

I set my alarm for 7:00 on all twenty workdays.

On those twenty mornings, the pressure followed me into the car twice and made me check the office bathroom once.

Only after those twelve weeks did I make an appointment with a gastroenterology clinician.

I brought the original methane report, my seven-day baseline, and every week of results I had recorded since starting PiPi Tea.

She read the pages once.

Then she went back to the beginning and read them again.

“You tracked all of this yourself?” she asked.

I told her I had needed to know whether I was actually finishing or merely going more often.

She looked genuinely surprised by how clearly the pattern had changed.

She circled nineteen trips before PiPi Tea.

Then she circled eight trips in Week 4.

Then she circled twenty-two one-visit mornings in my final 28 days.

Finally, she circled the twenty workdays when my alarm had gone off at seven.

“This is what improvement looks like for your actual complaint,” she said.

“Not simply going more often.”

“Finishing.”

I stopped counting how many times I went.

I started noticing whether I felt finished.

That change gave me something I had not realized I was losing.

Ninety minutes of sleep.

And the first part of my workday.

Last Tuesday, my alarm went off at seven.

I went to the bathroom a few minutes later.

I stood up twelve minutes later feeling empty.

I got dressed.

I packed my lunch and picked up my work bag.

And this time, I did not put it down again.

I left the house at 8:15.

I drove through the first traffic light without checking the pressure in my belly.

I reached my desk at 8:45.

It was only when I opened my lunch at noon that I realized I had not checked for pressure once.

I had not waited for another wave.

I had not checked which office bathroom was empty.

The bowel movement had ended at home.

If you have been living this, you know exactly what I mean.

You know the first trip that looks successful.

You know the pressure that returns after you wash your hands.

You know the second trip that produces two small pieces.

You know the third attempt that produces nothing.

You know what it is to go every day and still never feel empty.

You know what it is to pick up your work bag and put it down again.

You know what it is to tell yourself, “Give it another twenty minutes.”

You know what it is to set your alarm 90 minutes early and still watch the clock between attempts.

You know the bloating that follows you when the movement does not finish.

You know the trapped gas and the pressure under your waistband.

You know what it is to feel that pressure return in traffic and wonder whether you should turn around.

You know what it is to reach work on time but begin the day already exhausted and distracted.

You know the frustration of fiber making you fuller, MiraLAX making more come out, and stronger laxatives giving you urgency without relief.

And you know what it is to be told you cannot be constipated because you go every morning.

The number of times you sit on the toilet is not the same as the number of complete bowel movements you have.

Three visits can still be one unfinished movement.

The problem may not be one stubborn final piece.

Your colon may be losing the pushing movement before it finishes.

And if a breath test confirms methane is acting like a brake on that movement, forcing out more material does not remove the brake.

That was why the anthocyanins and polyphenols mattered to me.

They were not there to create one more violent flush.

They were there to help support the beneficial bacteria and rebalance the microbial environment associated with my methane pattern.

Rebalance the microbes.

Ease the methane brake.

Let the movement finish properly.

But the quality of the hibiscus mattered.

I learned that after wasting 21 days on a $3.79 blended tea bag.

PiPi Tea uses organic whole hibiscus flowers.

The flowers are high-altitude grown.

They are hand-picked.

They brew deep ruby because the dark pigment is still present in the flower.

That is the difference between buying a red herbal drink and buying the whole-flower hibiscus I had researched.

Right now, PiPi Tea is offering significant savings on its multi-bag bundles.

Every order is also backed by a 90-day money-back guarantee.

You can try the tea and track the measure that matters to you.

What time did your alarm have to go off?

How many visits does one movement take?

How long passes between the first trip and feeling finished?

How often does the pressure follow you into the car or the office?

How many mornings end with you genuinely feeling finished?

If after 90 days you do not feel your morning rhythm returning, you can send it back.

You can return the bag even if you tried it.

You get your money back.

No restocking fee.

Tap the link below to see whether PiPi Tea is still available.

https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm

There is one thing to remember before you order.

Do not assume every tea with a red flower on the box is the same.

Look for whole flowers.

Look for the deep-ruby brew.

Look for organic, high-altitude-grown, hand-picked hibiscus.

Those were the details my $3.79 box did not have.

Those were the details I found in PiPi Tea.

Whole flowers are not the same as crushed tea dust, and carefully handled flowers cannot be replaced as quickly as cheap blended tea bags.

If PiPi Tea is available, do not give another month of mornings to the same unfinished movement.

Do not keep measuring success by whether something came out.

Measure whether the movement actually ended.

I am 54 years old.

I still go to the bathroom every morning.

The difference is that now, most mornings, I go once.

I stand up feeling empty.

My alarm goes off at seven instead of 5:30.

I pick up my work bag and leave at 8:15 without waiting for another urge.

The 90 minutes I used to give my bowels belong to me again.

https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm


{"id": "facebook_1384664676580988", "days": 1, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/482b062ff6107dcd0191badd39aa3ed42bc58775760693813e54db2ee985d969.png"}, "landing": "https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm"}
I needed 90 extra minutes before work every morning just to finish one bowel movement.

My alarm went off at 5:30 even though I did not start work until nine.

The first part usually came out around 5:45.

I would wash my hands, walk into the kitchen, and tell myself I was done.

Twenty minutes later, the pressure would return.

So I would put my coffee down and go back to the bathroom.

Maybe two small pieces would come out.

Maybe nothing would.

Then I would stand up with the same dull pressure low in my belly.

I would walk between the bedroom and bathroom waiting to find out whether there was going to be a third trip.

Some mornings there was.

Some mornings I kept waiting until seven and the rest never came.

At 8:15, I had to leave whether I felt empty or not.

On unfinished mornings, the pressure and bloating followed me into the car and stayed with me at work.

I am 54 years old.

And until this year, the first 90 minutes of every workday belonged to one bowel movement that never seemed to end.

I am writing this because I finally stopped accepting “you go every day” as an answer.

I wrote down what was actually happening, researched it myself, and brought the pattern to a clinician who ordered the test that finally showed me what had been missed.

That process explained why fiber, MiraLAX, magnesium, probiotics, prunes, and every stronger thing I tried could make more come out without ever making me feel empty.

If you go to the bathroom every morning but still leave for work without feeling completely emptied out, please read this.

You may not think you are constipated because you go every day.

I did not think I was constipated either.

That misunderstanding cost me 90 minutes of sleep and the first part of almost every workday for years.

Let me start at the beginning.

My name is Patricia.

I live in a suburb outside Boston and work in an office about thirty minutes away.

I started noticing the problem when I was 47.

I would have what looked like a normal bowel movement before work.

But when I stood up, I still felt like I had not finished pooping.

It was not a sharp pain.

It was a low, stubborn pressure that made it impossible to forget something still felt unfinished.

At first, I would stay on the toilet for another five minutes and strain, trying to get everything out in one go.

When nothing else came out, I would give up and leave the bathroom.

Then the pressure would return, and I would sit on the toilet and try again.

Soon I was walking around the house for twenty minutes between attempts, watching the clock and waiting for the pressure to send me back.

Eventually, I started building my whole morning around waiting for the second and third urge.

At first, I set my alarm twenty minutes earlier.

Then I moved it back another half hour.

Eventually, I was getting up 90 minutes earlier than I used to.

By 54, I had a system I never admitted was a system.

My alarm went off at 5:30.

The first portion usually came around 5:45.

The second attempt came somewhere between 6:10 and 6:30.

If the pressure stayed, I sat on the toilet and tried again around 6:45.

Whether anything came out or not, I kept waiting near the bathroom until seven because I did not trust that the movement was over.

Then I showered, dressed, packed my lunch, and tried to leave by 8:15.

I use the word “safe,” but I was not afraid of an emergency.

I was afraid of getting into the car with that pressure growing under my waistband.

I was afraid the next urge would arrive while I was sitting in traffic with nowhere to stop.

I was afraid I would reach the office and need to walk straight past my desk to the bathroom.

So I would pick up my work bag.

Then I would put it down again and wait.

“Give it another twenty minutes,” I would tell myself.

Twenty minutes became forty-five.

Forty-five became the entire 90-minute head start.

Nobody at work saw how much time I was losing because I usually arrived on time.

They did not see the 5:30 alarm.

They did not see me make two or three trips before leaving.

They did not see me sitting in the car for one more minute, checking whether the pressure was coming back before I reversed out of the driveway.

I was not late.

I was exhausted.

By nine, I had already been awake for three and a half hours.

I stopped accepting meetings before 9:30 because I wanted time to reach the office bathroom if another urge came.

Before any meeting longer than an hour, I made one more bathroom attempt.

Most times, almost nothing came out.

The truth was that I never knew when my bowel movement had actually ended.

That uncertainty was exhausting.

Even after I left home, I carried the unfinished feeling into work.

Some mornings my belly would swell enough that I loosened the waistband of my work pants under my desk.

Gas would move around but never seem to relieve the pressure.

I could be reading an email or listening in a meeting and still be silently checking my body for the next urge.

That was the cruelest part.

I was going to the bathroom every day.

Sometimes I was going three times before I even left for work.

And I still never received the relief that was supposed to come afterward.

I thought the pressure meant there was one last piece of poop inside me that I had not pushed out.

So I kept trying to force that last piece out.

I pushed harder.

I sat longer.

I drank more water.

I added more fiber.

My first doctor told me to take MiraLAX.

I used it five mornings a week for almost two years.

It made the first portion softer and sometimes larger.

It did not stop the pressure from returning twenty minutes later.

I tried Metamucil for six months.

That gave me more bulk and so much gas that I stopped wearing fitted work pants.

I ate two prunes every morning.

Then four.

Then I added kiwi.

I tried magnesium at night.

I tried three different probiotics.

I tried digestive enzymes.

I tried Smooth Move tea on weekends when I knew I could stay home.

When I became desperate, I took Dulcolax.

That produced urgency.

Sometimes it produced three more trips.

But even after all that output, I could still stand up feeling unfinished.

The whole time, I kept assuming I needed something stronger.

I never considered that I might be treating the wrong part of the problem.

The doctors did not seem to consider it either.

When I said I went every day, they heard “regular.”

When I said I sometimes went three times before ten, they heard “frequent.”

Nobody asked whether any of those trips felt complete.

Then one Sunday night, I opened the notes app on my phone and made four headings.

What time did I wake up?

How many times did I sit on the toilet?

When did I finally feel empty?

Did the pressure follow me into the car or the office?

Seven mornings later, the numbers were sitting in front of me.

Nineteen bathroom trips.

Only one morning that felt complete.

A 5:30 alarm on all five workdays.

Pressure in the car on four of those five mornings.

I stared at the phrase “nineteen bathroom trips” and realized I had no idea whether those were nineteen bowel movements or one movement repeatedly trying to finish.

That was the question I typed into the search bar.

I ignored anything selling a cleanse or promising an overnight flush.

I started with hospital pages, motility-clinic articles, and medical papers I could barely understand.

The phrase that kept appearing was “incomplete evacuation.”

For the first time, I saw my problem described without pretending that going every day meant everything was normal.

I learned that frequency and completion were not the same measurement.

Several bathroom visits could be disconnected attempts to finish one movement.

I also learned that incomplete evacuation could have more than one cause.

That mattered because I did not want to diagnose myself from a search result.

But another word kept appearing beside slow transit, constipation, bloating, and gas.

Methane.

One motility-clinic article described methane as a brake on the contractions that move stool through the colon.

I pictured the conveyor belt at my grocery store.

It could carry the first few groceries forward, then stop while the rest were still sitting behind them.

That sounded uncomfortably close to my mornings.

The first portion came out.

Then the movement seemed to switch off.

Pressure remained until another weaker wave arrived twenty minutes later.

Sometimes a third wave came.

Sometimes it did not.

The more I read, the angrier I became.

For years, everyone had counted how often I went.

I was the only person who had started counting whether any of those trips actually finished the job.

Still, bloating, gas, and broken waves could not prove that methane was causing my problem.

The credible sources all came back to the same point.

It had to be tested.

So I printed my seven-day record and the motility-clinic page that explained the methane connection.

Then I booked a non-emergency appointment with a gastroenterology clinician who worked with motility problems.

She asked how often I went.

I slid the record across her desk and said, “Every morning, but that is not the whole answer.”

She read the nineteen trips.

Then she read the single complete morning.

She looked at the four workdays when the pressure had followed me into the car.

I told her what I had read about methane.

I also told her I knew bloating, gas, and broken waves could not prove that methane was causing my problem.

She said there were several possible explanations, but the pattern gave her a reason to check.

So she ordered the methane breath test.

On the morning of the test, I returned to the clinic.

The instructions were exact about when to test, what to drink, and when each sample had to be collected.

I drank the test solution and breathed into a series of collection bags over the next few hours.

The test cost me nearly $300, and collecting all the carefully timed breath samples took most of the morning.

When the results were ready, I returned to the clinic and sat across from the same clinician.

She turned the report toward me.

“Your methane reached 28 parts per million,” she said.

“The laboratory marks 10 parts per million or more as methane-positive, so this confirms that methane is present in your gut.”

Ten was the laboratory threshold.

Twenty-eight was mine.

For the first time, the methane explanation was not something I had guessed from my symptoms.

It was part of my tested pattern.

When I got home, I opened the notes I had made while researching and went back through the explanation line by line.

I drew the outline of a colon on a sheet of paper.

Then I drew one long arrow followed by two shorter ones.

The first push was still strong enough to move the first portion out.

But methane could slow the coordinated contractions that were supposed to keep carrying the rest forward.

When another weaker wave arrived later, a small second portion could come out.

If the next wave never arrived before work, the movement remained unfinished and the pressure followed me into the car.

I wrote one sentence across the top of the page.

“The problem isn’t the last piece. Your colon stopped pushing before it finished the movement.”

Then I wrote the second sentence that changed how I counted my mornings.

“You kept treating every trip like a new bowel movement. Your body was trying to finish the same one.”

That explained why I could poop three times and still feel constipated.

It also explained why the problem could keep feeding itself.

The research had said methane-producing microbes called methanogens use material left behind by other microbes and produce methane around the clock.

Greater methanogen activity can mean more methane.

More methane can place a stronger brake on colon movement.

And slower movement gives those microbes more time to keep working.

The positive test was what made that loop relevant to my own pattern instead of leaving it as another theory on a screen.

The next question I researched was why those microbes might have become so active.

There was no single automatic explanation.

Antibiotics can disrupt the bacterial communities that once helped keep other microbes in check.

Sustained stress can interfere with normal colon movement.

The gut can also become less resilient as we age.

Around and after menopause, movement and the balance of bacteria can shift at the same time.

Any one of those details alone would not have proved excess methane.

The breath test was what showed that methane belonged in my explanation.

That distinction mattered to me.

I had not diagnosed myself because a symptom sounded familiar.

I had found a possibility, taken the appropriate test, and received an objective result.

Then I went back through every remedy I had tried.

Drinking more water had made me urinate more often.

It could help if dehydration was the reason stool was difficult to pass.

But water alone could not make a pushing wave continue after it had lost force.

MiraLAX pulled more water into the stool.

That could explain why my first portion sometimes became softer and larger.

But adding water did not remove the methane brake from the pushing wave.

More could come out on the first trip while the movement still stopped too early.

Fiber added bulk.

That could help some people.

But when my colon was already moving in weak, broken waves, more bulk gave that slowed movement more material to carry.

It also gave my gut microbes more material to ferment.

That explained why six months of Metamucil had left me fuller, gassier, and no more complete.

Magnesium could draw in water and make stool easier to move.

But easier stool was not the same as a coordinated push that continued until the end.

Dulcolax and stimulant laxatives could force stronger contractions for a while.

That explained the urgency and the extra trips.

But the temporary force wore off.

It did not rebuild the microbial environment associated with the methane pattern.

The brake could still be there the next morning.

The three probiotics I tried had been another guess.

The research explained that a general probiotic might not contain the organisms relevant to my gut, deliver them to the colon in meaningful numbers, or change the microbial community connected to methane production.

Taking a random capsule was not the same as rebuilding the environment that helped beneficial bacteria compete.

And pushing harder could not restart a contraction that had already weakened further up my colon.

It only left me more exhausted after another unfinished attempt.

Then I would reach for another remedy and start the cycle again.

I had spent years trying to make more poop come out.

More water to soften it.

More fiber to enlarge it.

More magnesium to loosen it.

More stimulant to force it.

More straining to chase the last piece.

None of those choices had been aimed at why the movement kept stopping before I felt empty.

My first bowel movement every morning proved that my colon could begin pushing.

The problem was that the push was not carrying through to the finish.

That realization changed the next question I researched.

I no longer searched for something stronger that could force another bowel movement.

I searched for ways to support a healthier microbial environment and make it harder for methane-producing microbes to dominate.

Again, I stayed away from pages selling a cleanse.

I followed the references from university and medical articles, even when I had to read the same paragraph three times.

Two names kept appearing in the papers.

Bifidobacteria.

Faecalibacterium prausnitzii.

I could barely pronounce the second one.

What mattered to me was what these beneficial bacteria could do when they were properly fed.

They could produce substances that helped maintain the environment inside the colon.

One of those substances was called butyrate.

The papers described butyrate as fuel for the cells lining the colon and part of what helps keep that environment balanced.

As those beneficial communities recover, they can compete more effectively with the methane-producing microbes that have gained too much room.

That helped me understand why swallowing another random probiotic had not necessarily changed anything.

The capsule did not prove that the right organisms reached my colon, survived there, or rebuilt the community involved in my methane pattern.

The approach I was reading about was different.

It focused on feeding the beneficial bacteria already trying to compete inside the gut.

Two families of plant compounds kept appearing in research about beneficial gut bacteria.

Anthocyanins.

Polyphenols.

Anthocyanins are the dark red, blue, and purple pigments found in certain plants.

Polyphenols are the broader family of plant compounds they belong to.

Much of what we eat is absorbed earlier in digestion.

But a portion of these compounds can continue into the lower gut, where bacteria can use them.

The logic I wrote in my notebook was simple enough to remember.

Support the beneficial bacteria that compete in the gut environment.

Make it harder for the methane-producing community to dominate.

If methane activity eases, part of the brake on colon movement may ease with it.

With less braking pressure, the coordinated contractions have a better chance of carrying one movement through to completion.

That was the outcome I wanted.

Not more output.

Not a violent flush.

One complete bowel movement followed by relief.

Then I compared foods and drinks rich in both anthocyanins and polyphenols.

Hibiscus kept rising to the top of my notes because its deep-red flowers contain unusually high amounts of both in one plant.

Brewing the flower also gave me a concentrated daily cup without adding another large load of fiber to a gut that already felt full.

Nobody handed me a tea or told me which brand to buy.

I decided I would test the hibiscus category the same way I had tested everything else.

I would keep recording the number of visits, whether I felt complete, my alarm time, and whether the pressure followed me to work.

If the pattern did not change, the numbers would show me.

By then, I had also learned that the word “hibiscus” on the front of a box did not tell me how much useful flower was inside.

The dark pigments can be weakened by heat, air, rough processing, and long storage.

Crushing the flower into small pieces exposes more of it to those conditions.

Blending a little hibiscus with rosehips, peppermint, flavoring, and other herbs can produce red water without giving me the amount of hibiscus I thought I was buying.

So I wrote down five selection criteria.

Hibiscus.

Whole flowers.

Dark and intact.

Deep ruby when brewed.

Not a blend.

I later narrowed that search further to organic flowers that were high-altitude grown, hand-picked, and carefully dried.

But before ordering anything online, I did exactly what I had done with every other simple recommendation.

I tried to save money.

The grocery store was eight minutes from my house.

The tea aisle had a bright red box with a hibiscus flower printed on the front.

It cost $3.79.

I told myself hibiscus was hibiscus.

Before I started, I opened the same note where I had counted nineteen bathroom trips.

I kept recording my alarm time, bathroom visits, whether the movement felt complete, and whether the pressure followed me into the car or office.

I drank two cups a day for 21 days.

One cup with breakfast.

One cup after dinner.

During the first seven days, I needed three bathroom visits on five mornings and two visits on the other two.

My alarm still went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four of those five mornings.

During the second seven days, I made eighteen bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Only one morning felt complete.

I still needed the 5:30 alarm on all five workdays, and I checked the office bathroom as soon as I arrived on four of them.

During the third seven days, I made nineteen trips across seven mornings.

The pressure followed me into work on four of the five workdays.

I had not moved my alarm forward by even one minute.

At the end of 21 days, I turned the box over.

Hibiscus.

Rosehips.

Lemongrass.

Peppermint.

Natural flavor.

The tea was red.

But I had not bought the whole, dark flowers my research described.

I had bought a flavored tea that happened to contain some hibiscus.

The box met only one of the five criteria in my notebook.

It contained hibiscus.

It was not whole flower.

It was not dark and intact.

It did not brew deep ruby.

And it was blended with four other ingredients.

That failure made me stop searching for the cheapest box with a red flower on it.

I searched for the product that matched the criteria instead.

That was how I found PiPi Tea.

PiPi Tea used organic whole hibiscus flowers.

The flowers were high-altitude grown and hand-picked.

They were dark, intact, and nothing like the pale dust in the tea bags I had just finished.

When brewed, they produced the deep-ruby cup I had learned to look for.

I ordered PiPi Tea from https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm.

It arrived three days later.

I opened the bag at my kitchen table.

The first thing I noticed was that I could actually see the flowers.

They were whole.

They were dark red.

They looked nothing like the powder I had been steeping for three weeks.

I brewed one cup the next morning.

The water turned deep ruby in three minutes.

I drank it with breakfast.

I brewed one more cup after dinner.

And I kept using the same morning record I had started before I ever found PiPi Tea.

During my final seven days using the grocery-store tea, I made nineteen bathroom trips.

Only one of those seven mornings ended with a complete feeling.

The whole process usually consumed between 90 minutes and three hours.

My alarm went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four of them.

Here is exactly what happened next.

PiPi Week 1 was not dramatic.

I made seventeen bathroom trips across seven mornings.

I needed three trips on three mornings and two trips on the other four.

Two of the seven mornings felt complete.

My alarm still went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four mornings and stayed with me at my desk on three.

Those two complete mornings were enough for me to risk setting my alarm fifteen minutes later for Week 2.

PiPi Week 2 was the first time the pattern clearly shifted.

I made thirteen bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Four mornings needed two trips.

One morning needed three.

And on Thursday and Sunday, I went once and stood up feeling finished.

Four of the seven mornings felt complete that week.

The pressure followed me into the car on three of the five work mornings and stayed past 9:30 on two.

Because four mornings had felt complete, I risked moving my alarm another fifteen minutes later for Week 3.

PiPi Week 3 was when I started to believe this was different.

I made ten bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Four mornings ended after one visit.

Three mornings needed two visits.

Five of the seven mornings felt complete.

The average time between my first trip and feeling finished fell from nearly two hours to 34 minutes.

The pressure returned during my commute on two of those five mornings.

After five complete mornings that week, I set my alarm for 6:20 at the start of Week 4.

PiPi Week 4 was the week I finally trusted the complete feeling.

I made eight bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Six mornings ended after one visit.

One morning needed a second trip.

Six of the seven mornings felt complete.

The pressure followed me into the car once that entire week.

On Friday, I stood up after one visit and felt no returning pressure.

Normally, I would still have waited twenty minutes just in case.

That morning, I finished getting ready, picked up my work bag, and left at 8:10.

It was the first time I trusted my body enough not to wait for another wave.

The next month was not perfect, but the improvement held.

By PiPi Week 8, twenty of 28 mornings ended after one bathroom visit.

Twenty-four of those 28 mornings felt complete.

Seven mornings needed a second visit, and one difficult morning still needed three.

I set my alarm for 6:35 on all twenty workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on three of those twenty mornings and stayed with me at my desk on two.

I had stopped using Dulcolax completely.

I had used MiraLAX four times across those four weeks instead of roughly twenty times.

By PiPi Week 12, I had recorded twenty-five complete mornings out of 28.

Twenty-two ended after one visit.

Five needed a second visit, and one needed three.

Three mornings still felt incomplete, but not one of the 28 disappeared into a three-hour wait.

I set my alarm for 7:00 on all twenty workdays.

On those twenty mornings, the pressure followed me into the car twice and made me check the office bathroom once.

Only after those twelve weeks did I make an appointment with a gastroenterology clinician.

I brought the original methane report, my seven-day baseline, and every week of results I had recorded since starting PiPi Tea.

She read the pages once.

Then she went back to the beginning and read them again.

“You tracked all of this yourself?” she asked.

I told her I had needed to know whether I was actually finishing or merely going more often.

She looked genuinely surprised by how clearly the pattern had changed.

She circled nineteen trips before PiPi Tea.

Then she circled eight trips in Week 4.

Then she circled twenty-two one-visit mornings in my final 28 days.

Finally, she circled the twenty workdays when my alarm had gone off at seven.

“This is what improvement looks like for your actual complaint,” she said.

“Not simply going more often.”

“Finishing.”

I stopped counting how many times I went.

I started noticing whether I felt finished.

That change gave me something I had not realized I was losing.

Ninety minutes of sleep.

And the first part of my workday.

Last Tuesday, my alarm went off at seven.

I went to the bathroom a few minutes later.

I stood up twelve minutes later feeling empty.

I got dressed.

I packed my lunch and picked up my work bag.

And this time, I did not put it down again.

I left the house at 8:15.

I drove through the first traffic light without checking the pressure in my belly.

I reached my desk at 8:45.

It was only when I opened my lunch at noon that I realized I had not checked for pressure once.

I had not waited for another wave.

I had not checked which office bathroom was empty.

The bowel movement had ended at home.

If you have been living this, you know exactly what I mean.

You know the first trip that looks successful.

You know the pressure that returns after you wash your hands.

You know the second trip that produces two small pieces.

You know the third attempt that produces nothing.

You know what it is to go every day and still never feel empty.

You know what it is to pick up your work bag and put it down again.

You know what it is to tell yourself, “Give it another twenty minutes.”

You know what it is to set your alarm 90 minutes early and still watch the clock between attempts.

You know the bloating that follows you when the movement does not finish.

You know the trapped gas and the pressure under your waistband.

You know what it is to feel that pressure return in traffic and wonder whether you should turn around.

You know what it is to reach work on time but begin the day already exhausted and distracted.

You know the frustration of fiber making you fuller, MiraLAX making more come out, and stronger laxatives giving you urgency without relief.

And you know what it is to be told you cannot be constipated because you go every morning.

The number of times you sit on the toilet is not the same as the number of complete bowel movements you have.

Three visits can still be one unfinished movement.

The problem may not be one stubborn final piece.

Your colon may be losing the pushing movement before it finishes.

And if a breath test confirms methane is acting like a brake on that movement, forcing out more material does not remove the brake.

That was why the anthocyanins and polyphenols mattered to me.

They were not there to create one more violent flush.

They were there to help support the beneficial bacteria and rebalance the microbial environment associated with my methane pattern.

Rebalance the microbes.

Ease the methane brake.

Let the movement finish properly.

But the quality of the hibiscus mattered.

I learned that after wasting 21 days on a $3.79 blended tea bag.

PiPi Tea uses organic whole hibiscus flowers.

The flowers are high-altitude grown.

They are hand-picked.

They brew deep ruby because the dark pigment is still present in the flower.

That is the difference between buying a red herbal drink and buying the whole-flower hibiscus I had researched.

Right now, PiPi Tea is offering significant savings on its multi-bag bundles.

Every order is also backed by a 90-day money-back guarantee.

You can try the tea and track the measure that matters to you.

What time did your alarm have to go off?

How many visits does one movement take?

How long passes between the first trip and feeling finished?

How often does the pressure follow you into the car or the office?

How many mornings end with you genuinely feeling finished?

If after 90 days you do not feel your morning rhythm returning, you can send it back.

You can return the bag even if you tried it.

You get your money back.

No restocking fee.

Tap the link below to see whether PiPi Tea is still available.

https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm

There is one thing to remember before you order.

Do not assume every tea with a red flower on the box is the same.

Look for whole flowers.

Look for the deep-ruby brew.

Look for organic, high-altitude-grown, hand-picked hibiscus.

Those were the details my $3.79 box did not have.

Those were the details I found in PiPi Tea.

Whole flowers are not the same as crushed tea dust, and carefully handled flowers cannot be replaced as quickly as cheap blended tea bags.

If PiPi Tea is available, do not give another month of mornings to the same unfinished movement.

Do not keep measuring success by whether something came out.

Measure whether the movement actually ended.

I am 54 years old.

I still go to the bathroom every morning.

The difference is that now, most mornings, I go once.

I stand up feeling empty.

My alarm goes off at seven instead of 5:30.

I pick up my work bag and leave at 8:15 without waiting for another urge.

The 90 minutes I used to give my bowels belong to me again.

https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm


{"id": "facebook_1382282090559258", "days": 1, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/c12e7619bb61fd8012bc1b32d819fc3e1ad00d7d0212477b658dbf0b3c17cac3.png"}, "landing": "https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm"}
I needed 90 extra minutes before work every morning just trying to finish one bowel movement.

My alarm went off at 5:30 every morning.

I did not start work until 9am.

The first part usually came out around 5:45.

I would wash my hands, walk into the kitchen, and tell myself I was done.

Twenty minutes later, the pressure would return.

So I would put my coffee down and go back to the bathroom.

Maybe two small pieces would come out.

Maybe nothing would.

Then I would stand up with the same dull pressure low in my belly.

I would walk between the bedroom and bathroom waiting to find out whether there was going to be a third trip.

Some mornings there was.

Some mornings I kept waiting until 7:00 and the rest never came.

Only then would I stop hovering near the bathroom and start getting ready for work.

At 8:15, I had to leave whether I felt empty or not.

On unfinished mornings, the pressure and bloating followed me into the car and stayed with me at work.

I am 54 years old.

And until this year, the first 90 minutes of every workday belonged to one bowel movement that never seemed to end.

I am writing this because a clinician finally asked me one question that nobody had asked before.

It changed the way I understood what was happening inside me.

It also explained why fiber, MiraLAX, magnesium, probiotics, prunes, and every stronger thing I tried could make more come out without ever making me feel empty.

If you go to the bathroom every morning but still have to leave for work without ever feeling completely emptied out, please read this.

You may not think you are constipated because you go every day.

I did not think I was constipated either.

That misunderstanding cost me 90 minutes of sleep and the first part of almost every workday for years.

Let me start at the beginning.

My name is Patricia.

I live in a suburb outside Boston and work in an office about thirty minutes away.

I started noticing the problem when I was 47.

I would have what looked like a normal bowel movement before work.

But when I stood up, I still felt like I had not finished pooping.

It was not a sharp pain.

It was a low, stubborn pressure that made it impossible to forget something still felt unfinished.

At first, I would stay on the toilet for another five minutes and strain, trying to get everything out in one go.

When nothing else came out, I would give up and leave the bathroom.

Then the pressure would return, and I would sit on the toilet and try again.

Soon I was walking around the house for twenty minutes between attempts, watching the clock and waiting for the pressure to send me back.

Eventually, I started building my whole morning around waiting for the second and third urge.

At first, I set my alarm twenty minutes earlier.

Then I moved it back another half hour.

Eventually, I was getting up 90 minutes earlier than I used to.

By 54, I had a system I never admitted was a system.

My alarm went off at 5:30.

The first movement usually came around 5:45.

The second attempt came somewhere between 6:10 and 6:30.

If the pressure stayed, I sat on the toilet and tried again around 6:45.

Whether anything came out or not, I kept waiting near the bathroom until 7:00 because I did not trust that the movement was over.

Then I showered, dressed, packed my lunch, and tried to leave by 8:15.

I use the word “safe,” but I was not afraid of an emergency.

I was afraid of getting into the car with that pressure growing under my waistband.

I was afraid the next urge would arrive while I was sitting in traffic with nowhere to stop.

I was afraid I would reach the office and need to walk straight past my desk to the bathroom.

So I would pick up my work bag.

Then I would put it down again and wait.

“Give it another twenty minutes,” I would tell myself.

Twenty minutes became forty-five.

Forty-five became the entire 90-minute head start.

Nobody at work saw how much time I was losing because I usually arrived on time.

They did not see the 5:30 alarm.

They did not see me make two or three trips before leaving.

They did not see me sitting in the car for one more minute, checking whether the pressure was coming back before I reversed out of the driveway.

I was not late.

I was exhausted.

By nine, I had already been awake for three and a half hours.

I stopped accepting meetings before 9:30 because I wanted time to reach the office bathroom if another urge came.

Before any meeting longer than an hour, I made one more bathroom attempt.

Most times, almost nothing came out.

The truth was that I never knew when my bowel movement had actually ended.

That uncertainty was exhausting.

Even after I left home, I carried the unfinished feeling into work.

Some mornings my belly would swell enough that I loosened the waistband of my work pants under my desk.

Gas would move around but never seem to relieve the pressure.

I could be reading an email or listening in a meeting and still be silently checking my body for the next urge.

That was the cruelest part.

I was going to the bathroom every day.

Sometimes I was going three times before I even left for work.

And I still never received the relief that was supposed to come afterward.

I thought the pressure meant there was one last piece of poop inside me that I had not pushed out.

So I kept trying to force that last piece out.

I pushed harder.

I sat longer.

I drank more water.

I added more fiber.

My first doctor told me to take MiraLAX.

I used it five mornings a week for almost two years.

It made the first portion softer and sometimes larger.

It did not stop the pressure from returning twenty minutes later.

I tried Metamucil for six months.

That gave me more bulk and so much gas that I stopped wearing fitted work pants.

I ate two prunes every morning.

Then four.

Then I added kiwi.

I tried magnesium at night.

I tried three different probiotics.

I tried digestive enzymes.

I tried Smooth Move tea on weekends when I knew I could stay home.

When I became desperate, I took Dulcolax.

That produced urgency.

Sometimes it produced three more trips.

But even after all that output, I could still stand up feeling unfinished.

The whole time, I kept assuming I needed something stronger.

I never considered that I might be treating the wrong part of the problem.

The doctors did not consider it either.

When I told them I went every day, they heard “regular.”

When I told them I sometimes went three times before ten, they heard “frequent.”

Nobody asked whether any of those trips felt complete.

Then one week, I finally wrote down what was happening.

Nineteen bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Only one morning that felt complete.

My alarm had gone off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure had followed me into the car on four of the five work mornings.

Seeing those four numbers together was what made me book an appointment with a gastroenterology clinician who worked with motility problems.

It was not an emergency appointment.

It was the first time I understood that going often and finishing were not the same thing.

She asked how often I went.

I said, “Every morning.”

She started to make a note.

Then I added, “Usually two or three times.”

She looked up.

“Two or three complete bowel movements?” she asked.

I said no.

I explained the first portion, the returning pressure, the small second portion, and the third attempt that often produced nothing.

She put her pen down.

Then she asked the question that changed everything.

“How many of those movements actually feel complete?”

I laughed because the answer sounded ridiculous once I said it aloud.

“Maybe one a week,” I told her.

She said, “Then you are counting bathroom visits, not complete movements.”

She asked about the bloating.

She asked about the trapped gas.

She asked whether the later portions came in disconnected waves.

Then she said something no doctor had ever said to me.

“You kept treating every trip like a new bowel movement.”

“Your body was trying to finish the same one.”

I asked her what would make a bowel movement stop and restart like that.

She told me there were several possible reasons.

The combination of slow, separated waves, bloating, and trapped gas made her want to check methane.

So she ordered a breath test.

I drank the test solution and breathed into a series of collection bags over the next few hours.

When the results came back, the report showed that my methane had reached 28 parts per million.

The laboratory marked 10 parts per million or more as methane-positive.

At my follow-up, she placed the report between us and circled two numbers.

The first was 10.

That was the level the laboratory used to mark a methane-positive result.

The second was 28.

That was mine.

I asked her what 28 actually meant for the way I was pooping.

She pulled her chair closer and drew the outline of a colon on a sheet of paper.

Then she drew a row of arrows moving toward the exit.

The first arrow was long.

The next one was shorter.

The last one barely moved at all.

“This is what should happen when you have a bowel movement,” she said.

“The muscles squeeze in a coordinated wave until the movement is finished.”

Then she tapped the first long arrow.

“Your first push is still strong enough to move the first portion out.”

She tapped the shorter arrows behind it.

“But before the rest can follow, that pushing wave loses strength.”

I looked at the drawing and thought about every morning I had spent walking between the bedroom and the bathroom while the clock moved toward eight.

The first trip around 5:45.

The pressure returning twenty minutes later.

The second trip producing two small pieces.

Then the third attempt that sometimes produced nothing.

She had drawn my entire morning with three arrows.

She said it as plainly as she could.

“The problem isn’t the last piece.”

“Your colon stopped pushing before it finished the movement.”

I asked her what made the push stop.

She turned the report back toward me and tapped the number 28.

“Methane can act like a brake on the contractions that move stool through your colon,” she said.

She told me to picture the conveyor belt at the grocery store.

The belt starts moving and carries the first few groceries forward.

Then it suddenly switches off while the rest are still sitting behind them.

The groceries are not stuck because the last can is too stubborn.

The belt stopped carrying them.

That was what had been happening inside me.

The first portion came out because the movement had started.

The pressure remained because the rest of the movement had not finished.

When another weaker wave came twenty minutes later, I went back and passed a little more.

If a third wave came, I made a third trip.

If it never came before I had to leave, I carried that full, unfinished pressure into the car and through the first part of my workday.

That was why I could poop three times and still feel constipated.

I had always assumed constipation meant nothing came out.

She explained that frequency was only one part of it.

You can go every day and still be constipated if you repeatedly cannot empty completely.

I sat there thinking about how many doctors had heard me say “every morning” and stopped listening.

They had counted my trips.

Nobody had asked whether any of them ended with relief.

I asked her where all that methane came from.

She said it was not simply air I had swallowed and it was not just the gas I sometimes passed.

It was being made inside my gut by methane-producing microbes called methanogens.

One of the best-known ones, she said, was called Methanobrevibacter smithii.

I asked her to repeat that name twice.

Then I told her I would never remember it.

She smiled and said I did not need to.

What mattered was understanding what those microbes did.

They used what other microbes left behind and produced methane around the clock.

The more active they became, the more methane they produced.

And the more methane they produced, the more they could slow the contractions that were supposed to finish my bowel movement.

She said methane-producing microbes do not become more active for exactly the same reason in every woman.

For some women, a course of antibiotics can disrupt the communities of bacteria that had been helping to keep them in check.

For others, months of heavy stress can interfere with the normal movement of the colon.

And as we get older, the gut can become less resilient when changes like these happen.

They can create a slower, less balanced environment that gives methane-producing microbes more room to become active.

Then she explained why the problem can become more noticeable as women get older.

For years, communities of helpful bacteria had helped maintain the environment inside my gut.

They produced substances that helped keep that environment balanced and slightly acidic.

That balance made it harder for methane producers to take over.

But around and after menopause, several things can change at the same time.

The gut can begin moving more slowly.

The mix of bacteria can shift.

And the helpful bacteria that once kept other microbes in check can thin out.

Once methane began slowing my colon, the problem could feed itself.

Slower movement gave the methane producers more time to work.

They produced more methane.

That put an even stronger brake on the next pushing wave.

For the first time, I could see that my body was not failing at the beginning of the bowel movement.

It was losing power before the end.

That one difference explained almost everything I had been doing wrong.

I asked her about MiraLAX first because I had used it five mornings a week for almost two years.

She said MiraLAX pulls more water into the stool.

That can make stool softer and easier to pass.

It explained why my first portion sometimes became softer and larger.

But adding water did not remove the methane brake from the pushing wave.

So more could come out on the first trip while the movement still stopped too early.

Then I asked about fiber.

She said fiber adds bulk.

That can help some people.

But when my colon was already moving in weak, broken waves, more bulk gave that slowed movement more material to carry.

It also gave my gut microbes more material to ferment.

That was why six months of Metamucil had left me feeling larger, gassier, and no more complete.

Then I asked about magnesium.

She said magnesium could draw in water and make it easier for stool to move.

But once again, easier stool was not the same as a coordinated push that continued until the end.

Finally, I asked about Dulcolax and the stronger laxatives I used when I became desperate.

She said a stimulant could force the colon to contract harder for a while.

That explained the urgency.

It explained why I sometimes made three extra trips after taking one.

But it did not change the microbial environment producing the methane.

The temporary force wore off.

The brake was still there the next morning.

Then I reached for another remedy and started the cycle again.

I was quiet for a moment after she finished.

I had spent years trying to make more poop come out.

More water to soften it.

More fiber to enlarge it.

More magnesium to loosen it.

More stimulant to force it.

And not one of those things had been chosen to address why the movement kept stopping before I felt empty.

“So my colon is not just lazy?” I asked.

She shook her head.

“Your first movement every morning proves that it can push,” she said.

“The problem is that the push is not carrying through to the finish.”

Hearing that was a relief.

My body was not simply old and worn out.

I was not imagining the pressure.

I was not too impatient to sit still.

And I was not failing because I had not found a strong enough laxative.

I had been treating the amount that came out instead of the reason the movement stopped.

I asked her what had to change.

She turned the paper over and wrote down three short lines.

Quiet the methane.

Rebuild the environment that keeps the methane producers under control.

Let the colon finish its pushing wave again.

“If you only force another bowel movement, you are still managing the result,” she said.

“You have to work further upstream.”

First, she said, the methane-producing microbes could no longer be allowed to dominate the gut community.

That did not mean trying to empty my entire gut with another cleanse.

It meant helping the beneficial bacteria compete again.

Second, those beneficial bacteria had to be fed the compounds they use.

She mentioned Bifidobacteria and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii.

I did not remember either name when I got home.

What I remembered was what she said those bacteria could produce when they were properly fed.

Butyrate.

She described butyrate as one of the substances that helps maintain the environment inside the colon and fuels the cells lining it.

As the helpful bacteria recover, she said, they can make the gut less welcoming to the methane-producing microbes that had gained too much ground.

That is what she meant by rebalancing the gut.

Not flushing everything out.

Not adding another random probiotic and hoping it survived.

Feeding the helpful bacteria already trying to compete inside me.

Third, as the methane-producing pattern eased, the brake on the colon’s contractions could ease with it.

The first push would not have to do the entire job alone.

The next contractions could keep carrying the movement forward.

Instead of one bowel movement arriving in three installments, the movement could begin and finish in one trip.

That was the result I actually wanted.

Not more output.

Not a violent flush.

One complete bowel movement followed by relief.

I asked what the good bacteria ate.

She wrote down two words.

Anthocyanins.

Polyphenols.

I recognized neither one.

She told me anthocyanins are the dark red, blue, and purple pigments found in certain plants.

Polyphenols are the broader family of plant compounds they belong to.

Much of what we eat is absorbed earlier in digestion.

But a portion of these plant compounds can continue down to the lower gut, where the bacteria live.

That is where the helpful bacteria can use them.

I asked her which food had enough of both compounds to be worth using every day.

She did not hand me a list of twenty foods.

She gave me one.

Hibiscus.

She told me hibiscus tea was her first choice because the deep-red flowers carry unusually high amounts of anthocyanins and polyphenols in one plant.

The color was not there simply to make the tea pretty.

That dark ruby pigment was the part I was looking for.

Brewing the flower also gave me a concentrated daily cup without adding another large load of fiber to a gut that already felt full.

The logic was finally simple enough for me to repeat back to her.

Anthocyanins and polyphenols help feed the beneficial bacteria.

Those bacteria help rebalance the methane-producing microbes.

Less methane removes the brake from the colon’s contractions.

And when the contractions carry through, the bowel movement can finish properly.

But before I could get excited, she stopped me.

“The word hibiscus on the front of a box is not enough,” she said.

The anthocyanins are pigments, and pigments can be fragile.

Heat, air, rough processing, and long storage can weaken them before the tea ever reaches my cup.

Crushing the flower into small pieces exposes more of it to those conditions.

Blending a little hibiscus with rosehips, peppermint, flavoring, and other herbs can produce red water without giving me the amount of hibiscus I thought I was buying.

That was why she wanted me to look at the flower itself.

Whole flowers protected the dark pigment better than old crushed tea dust.

Careful drying helped the flower keep its deep color.

And when the flowers still brewed a dark ruby cup, I could at least see that the pigment had not disappeared before I opened the bag.

She did not tell me what brand to buy.

She just warned me not to grab the first red box I saw and assume they were all the same.

Before I left, I read the five things back to her.

Hibiscus.

Whole flowers.

Dark and intact.

Deep ruby.

Not a blend.

For the first time, I was not leaving a doctor’s office with another way to force myself to poop.

I was leaving with an explanation for why I could poop three times and still never feel finished.

I was also leaving with a clear idea of what the right kind of hibiscus was supposed to do.

Feed the good bacteria.

Help rebalance the methane-producing microbes.

Remove the brake from the pushing movement.

Let that movement finish properly.

Then I did exactly what I had done with every other simple recommendation.

I tried to save money.

The grocery store was eight minutes from my house.

The tea aisle had a bright red box with a hibiscus flower printed on the front.

It cost $3.79.

I told myself hibiscus was hibiscus.

Before I started, I opened the same note where I had counted those 19 bathroom trips.

My clinician had asked me to keep recording four things each morning.

What time my alarm went off.

How many bathroom visits I made.

Whether the movement ever felt complete.

And whether the pressure followed me into the car or the office.

I bought it and drank two cups a day for 21 days.

One cup with breakfast.

One cup after dinner.

During the first seven days, I needed three bathroom visits on five mornings and two visits on the other two.

My alarm still went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four of those five mornings.

During the second seven days, I made 18 bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Only one morning felt complete.

I still needed the 5:30 alarm on all five workdays, and I checked the office bathroom as soon as I arrived on four of them.

During the third seven days, I made 19 trips across seven mornings.

The pressure followed me into work on four of the five workdays.

I had not moved my alarm forward by even one minute.

At the end of 21 days, I turned the box over.

Hibiscus.

Rosehips.

Lemongrass.

Peppermint.

Natural flavor.

The tea was red.

But I had not bought the whole, dark flowers she described.

I had bought a flavored tea that happened to contain some hibiscus.

That was when I pulled out my notes from the appointment.

The box met only one of the five things I had written down.

It contained hibiscus.

It was not whole flower.

It was not dark and intact.

It did not brew deep ruby.

And it was blended with four other ingredients.

So I started researching what separated one hibiscus product from another.

I learned that the dark pigments are fragile and that rough processing, heat, air, and long storage can weaken them.

I learned why whole flowers and careful drying mattered.

I also narrowed my search to organic flowers that were high-altitude grown and hand-picked.

Only after I understood those quality differences did I search for a product that matched them.

That was how I found PiPi Tea.

PiPi Tea used organic whole hibiscus flowers.

The flowers were high-altitude grown and hand-picked.

They were dark, intact, and nothing like the pale dust in the tea bags I had just finished.

When brewed, they produced the deep-ruby cup my clinician told me to look for.

I ordered PiPi Tea from https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm.

It arrived three days later.

I opened the bag at my kitchen table.

The first thing I noticed was that I could actually see the flowers.

They were whole.

They were dark red.

They looked nothing like the powder I had been steeping for three weeks.

I brewed one cup the next morning.

The water turned deep ruby in three minutes.

I drank it with breakfast.

I brewed one more cup after dinner.

And I kept using the same morning record my clinician had asked me to start.

I tracked my alarm time, how many trips it took before I felt finished, and whether the pressure followed me to work.

During my final seven days using the grocery-store tea, I made 19 bathroom trips.

Only one of those seven mornings ended with a complete feeling.

The whole process usually consumed between 90 minutes and three hours.

My alarm went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four of them.

Here is exactly what happened next.

PiPi Week 1 was not dramatic.

I made 17 bathroom trips across seven mornings.

I needed three trips on three mornings and two trips on the other four.

Two of the seven mornings felt complete.

My alarm still went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four mornings and stayed with me at my desk on three.

Those two complete mornings were enough for me to risk setting my alarm fifteen minutes later for Week 2.

PiPi Week 2 was the first time the pattern clearly shifted.

I made 13 bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Four mornings needed two trips.

One morning needed three.

And on Thursday and Sunday, I went once and stood up feeling finished.

Four of the seven mornings felt complete that week.

The pressure followed me into the car on three of the five work mornings and stayed past 9:30 on two.

Because four mornings had felt complete, I risked moving my alarm another fifteen minutes later for Week 3.

PiPi Week 3 was when I started to believe this was different.

I made ten bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Four mornings ended after one visit.

Three mornings needed two visits.

Five of the seven mornings felt complete.

The average time between my first trip and feeling finished fell from nearly two hours to 34 minutes.

The pressure returned during my commute on two of those five mornings.

After five complete mornings that week, I set my alarm for 6:20 at the start of Week 4.

PiPi Week 4 was the week I finally trusted the complete feeling.

I made eight bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Six mornings ended after one visit.

One morning needed a second trip.

Six of the seven mornings felt complete.

The pressure followed me into the car once that entire week.

On Friday, I stood up after one visit and felt no returning pressure.

Normally, I would still have waited twenty minutes just in case.

That morning, I finished getting ready, picked up my work bag, and left at 8:10.

It was the first time I trusted my body enough not to wait for another wave.

The next month was not perfect, but the improvement held.

By PiPi Week 8, 20 of 28 mornings ended after one bathroom visit.

Twenty-four of those 28 mornings felt complete.

Seven mornings needed a second visit, and one difficult morning still needed three.

I set my alarm for 6:35 on all 20 workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on three of those 20 mornings and stayed with me at my desk on two.

I had stopped using Dulcolax completely.

I had used MiraLAX four times across those four weeks instead of roughly 20 times.

By PiPi Week 12, I had recorded 25 complete mornings out of 28.

Twenty-two ended after one visit.

Five needed a second visit, and one needed three.

Three mornings still felt incomplete, but not one of the 28 disappeared into a three-hour wait.

I set my alarm for 7:00 on all 20 workdays.

On those 20 mornings, the pressure followed me into the car twice and made me check the office bathroom once.

At my follow-up appointment, the clinician looked at the numbers I had tracked.

She circled 19 trips before PiPi Tea.

Then she circled eight trips in Week 4.

Then she circled 22 one-visit mornings in my final 28 days.

Finally, she circled the 20 workdays when my alarm had gone off at seven.

“This is what improvement looks like for your actual complaint,” she said.

“Not simply going more often.”

“Finishing.”

I stopped counting how many times I went.

I started noticing whether I felt finished.

That change gave me something I had not realized I was losing.

Ninety minutes of sleep.

And the first part of my workday.

Last Tuesday, my alarm went off at seven.

I went to the bathroom a few minutes later.

I stood up twelve minutes later feeling empty.

I got dressed.

I packed my lunch and picked up my work bag.

And this time, I did not put it down again.

I left the house at 8:15.

I drove through the first traffic light without checking the pressure in my belly.

I reached my desk at 8:45.

It was only when I opened my lunch at noon that I realized I had not checked for pressure once.

I had not waited for another wave.

I had not checked which office bathroom was empty.

The bowel movement had ended at home.

If you have been living this, you know exactly what I mean.

You know the first trip that looks successful.

You know the pressure that returns after you wash your hands.

You know the second trip that produces two small pieces.

You know the third attempt that produces nothing.

You know what it is to go every day and still never feel empty.

You know what it is to pick up your work bag and put it down again.

You know what it is to tell yourself, “Give it another twenty minutes.”

You know what it is to set your alarm 90 minutes early and still watch the clock between attempts.

You know the bloating that follows you when the movement does not finish.

You know the trapped gas and the pressure under your waistband.

You know what it is to feel that pressure return in traffic and wonder whether you should turn around.

You know what it is to reach work on time but begin the day already exhausted and distracted.

You know the frustration of fiber making you fuller, MiraLAX making more come out, and stronger laxatives giving you urgency without relief.

And you know what it is to be told you cannot be constipated because you go every morning.

The number of times you sit on the toilet is not the same as the number of complete bowel movements you have.

Three visits can still be one unfinished movement.

The problem may not be one stubborn final piece.

Your colon may be losing the pushing movement before it finishes.

And if methane is acting like a brake on that movement, forcing out more material does not remove the brake.

That is why the anthocyanins and polyphenols mattered to me.

They were not there to create one more violent flush.

They were there to help rebalance the methane-producing microbes.

Rebalance the microbes.

Remove the brake.

Let the movement finish properly.

But the quality of the hibiscus mattered.

I learned that after wasting 21 days on a $3.79 blended tea bag.

PiPi Tea uses organic whole hibiscus flowers.

The flowers are high-altitude grown.

They are hand-picked.

They brew deep ruby because the dark pigment is still present in the flower.

That is the difference between buying a red herbal drink and buying the whole-flower hibiscus I had been told to find.

Right now, PiPi Tea is offering significant savings on its multi-bag bundles.

Every order is also backed by a 90-day money-back guarantee.

You can try the tea and track the measure that matters to you.

What time did your alarm have to go off?

How many visits does one movement take?

How long passes between the first trip and feeling finished?

How often does the pressure follow you into the car or the office?

How many mornings end with you genuinely feeling finished?

If after 90 days you do not feel your morning rhythm returning, you can send it back.

You can return the bag even if you tried it.

You get your money back.

No restocking fee.

Tap the link below to see whether PiPi Tea is still available.

https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm

There is one thing to remember before you order.

Do not assume every tea with a red flower on the box is the same.

Look for whole flowers.

Look for the deep-ruby brew.

Look for organic, high-altitude-grown, hand-picked hibiscus.

Those were the five details I wrote down.

Those were the five details my $3.79 box did not have.

Those were the five details I found in PiPi Tea.

Whole flowers are not the same as crushed tea dust, and carefully handled flowers cannot be replaced as quickly as cheap blended tea bags.

If PiPi Tea is available, do not give another month of mornings to the same unfinished movement.

Do not keep measuring success by whether something came out.

Measure whether the movement actually ended.

I am 54 years old.

I still go to the bathroom every morning.

The difference is that now, most mornings, I go once.

I stand up feeling empty.

My alarm goes off at seven instead of 5:30.

I pick up my work bag and leave at 8:15 without waiting for another urge.

The 90 minutes I used to give my bowels belong to me again.

https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm


{"id": "facebook_2962642630763755", "days": 1, "media": {"type": "image", "thumbnailUrl": null, "mediaUrl": "https://medias.trendtrack.io/facebook/image/80893a5a01582183937302b2588422153564b9d5aca44be9b20dadb416764c00.png"}, "landing": "https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm"}
I needed 90 extra minutes before work every morning just trying to finish one bowel movement.

My alarm went off at 5:30 every morning.

I did not start work until 9am.

The first part usually came out around 5:45.

I would wash my hands, walk into the kitchen, and tell myself I was done.

Twenty minutes later, the pressure would return.

So I would put my coffee down and go back to the bathroom.

Maybe two small pieces would come out.

Maybe nothing would.

Then I would stand up with the same dull pressure low in my belly.

I would walk between the bedroom and bathroom waiting to find out whether there was going to be a third trip.

Some mornings there was.

Some mornings I kept waiting until 7:00 and the rest never came.

Only then would I stop hovering near the bathroom and start getting ready for work.

At 8:15, I had to leave whether I felt empty or not.

On unfinished mornings, the pressure and bloating followed me into the car and stayed with me at work.

I am 54 years old.

And until this year, the first 90 minutes of every workday belonged to one bowel movement that never seemed to end.

I am writing this because a clinician finally asked me one question that nobody had asked before.

It changed the way I understood what was happening inside me.

It also explained why fiber, MiraLAX, magnesium, probiotics, prunes, and every stronger thing I tried could make more come out without ever making me feel empty.

If you go to the bathroom every morning but still have to leave for work without ever feeling completely emptied out, please read this.

You may not think you are constipated because you go every day.

I did not think I was constipated either.

That misunderstanding cost me 90 minutes of sleep and the first part of almost every workday for years.

Let me start at the beginning.

My name is Patricia.

I live in a suburb outside Boston and work in an office about thirty minutes away.

I started noticing the problem when I was 47.

I would have what looked like a normal bowel movement before work.

But when I stood up, I still felt like I had not finished pooping.

It was not a sharp pain.

It was a low, stubborn pressure that made it impossible to forget something still felt unfinished.

At first, I would stay on the toilet for another five minutes and strain, trying to get everything out in one go.

When nothing else came out, I would give up and leave the bathroom.

Then the pressure would return, and I would sit on the toilet and try again.

Soon I was walking around the house for twenty minutes between attempts, watching the clock and waiting for the pressure to send me back.

Eventually, I started building my whole morning around waiting for the second and third urge.

At first, I set my alarm twenty minutes earlier.

Then I moved it back another half hour.

Eventually, I was getting up 90 minutes earlier than I used to.

By 54, I had a system I never admitted was a system.

My alarm went off at 5:30.

The first movement usually came around 5:45.

The second attempt came somewhere between 6:10 and 6:30.

If the pressure stayed, I sat on the toilet and tried again around 6:45.

Whether anything came out or not, I kept waiting near the bathroom until 7:00 because I did not trust that the movement was over.

Then I showered, dressed, packed my lunch, and tried to leave by 8:15.

I use the word “safe,” but I was not afraid of an emergency.

I was afraid of getting into the car with that pressure growing under my waistband.

I was afraid the next urge would arrive while I was sitting in traffic with nowhere to stop.

I was afraid I would reach the office and need to walk straight past my desk to the bathroom.

So I would pick up my work bag.

Then I would put it down again and wait.

“Give it another twenty minutes,” I would tell myself.

Twenty minutes became forty-five.

Forty-five became the entire 90-minute head start.

Nobody at work saw how much time I was losing because I usually arrived on time.

They did not see the 5:30 alarm.

They did not see me make two or three trips before leaving.

They did not see me sitting in the car for one more minute, checking whether the pressure was coming back before I reversed out of the driveway.

I was not late.

I was exhausted.

By nine, I had already been awake for three and a half hours.

I stopped accepting meetings before 9:30 because I wanted time to reach the office bathroom if another urge came.

Before any meeting longer than an hour, I made one more bathroom attempt.

Most times, almost nothing came out.

The truth was that I never knew when my bowel movement had actually ended.

That uncertainty was exhausting.

Even after I left home, I carried the unfinished feeling into work.

Some mornings my belly would swell enough that I loosened the waistband of my work pants under my desk.

Gas would move around but never seem to relieve the pressure.

I could be reading an email or listening in a meeting and still be silently checking my body for the next urge.

That was the cruelest part.

I was going to the bathroom every day.

Sometimes I was going three times before I even left for work.

And I still never received the relief that was supposed to come afterward.

I thought the pressure meant there was one last piece of poop inside me that I had not pushed out.

So I kept trying to force that last piece out.

I pushed harder.

I sat longer.

I drank more water.

I added more fiber.

My first doctor told me to take MiraLAX.

I used it five mornings a week for almost two years.

It made the first portion softer and sometimes larger.

It did not stop the pressure from returning twenty minutes later.

I tried Metamucil for six months.

That gave me more bulk and so much gas that I stopped wearing fitted work pants.

I ate two prunes every morning.

Then four.

Then I added kiwi.

I tried magnesium at night.

I tried three different probiotics.

I tried digestive enzymes.

I tried Smooth Move tea on weekends when I knew I could stay home.

When I became desperate, I took Dulcolax.

That produced urgency.

Sometimes it produced three more trips.

But even after all that output, I could still stand up feeling unfinished.

The whole time, I kept assuming I needed something stronger.

I never considered that I might be treating the wrong part of the problem.

The doctors did not consider it either.

When I told them I went every day, they heard “regular.”

When I told them I sometimes went three times before ten, they heard “frequent.”

Nobody asked whether any of those trips felt complete.

Then one week, I finally wrote down what was happening.

Nineteen bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Only one morning that felt complete.

My alarm had gone off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure had followed me into the car on four of the five work mornings.

Seeing those four numbers together was what made me book an appointment with a gastroenterology clinician who worked with motility problems.

It was not an emergency appointment.

It was the first time I understood that going often and finishing were not the same thing.

She asked how often I went.

I said, “Every morning.”

She started to make a note.

Then I added, “Usually two or three times.”

She looked up.

“Two or three complete bowel movements?” she asked.

I said no.

I explained the first portion, the returning pressure, the small second portion, and the third attempt that often produced nothing.

She put her pen down.

Then she asked the question that changed everything.

“How many of those movements actually feel complete?”

I laughed because the answer sounded ridiculous once I said it aloud.

“Maybe one a week,” I told her.

She said, “Then you are counting bathroom visits, not complete movements.”

She asked about the bloating.

She asked about the trapped gas.

She asked whether the later portions came in disconnected waves.

Then she said something no doctor had ever said to me.

“You kept treating every trip like a new bowel movement.”

“Your body was trying to finish the same one.”

I asked her what would make a bowel movement stop and restart like that.

She told me there were several possible reasons.

The combination of slow, separated waves, bloating, and trapped gas made her want to check methane.

So she ordered a breath test.

I drank the test solution and breathed into a series of collection bags over the next few hours.

When the results came back, the report showed that my methane had reached 28 parts per million.

The laboratory marked 10 parts per million or more as methane-positive.

At my follow-up, she placed the report between us and circled two numbers.

The first was 10.

That was the level the laboratory used to mark a methane-positive result.

The second was 28.

That was mine.

I asked her what 28 actually meant for the way I was pooping.

She pulled her chair closer and drew the outline of a colon on a sheet of paper.

Then she drew a row of arrows moving toward the exit.

The first arrow was long.

The next one was shorter.

The last one barely moved at all.

“This is what should happen when you have a bowel movement,” she said.

“The muscles squeeze in a coordinated wave until the movement is finished.”

Then she tapped the first long arrow.

“Your first push is still strong enough to move the first portion out.”

She tapped the shorter arrows behind it.

“But before the rest can follow, that pushing wave loses strength.”

I looked at the drawing and thought about every morning I had spent walking between the bedroom and the bathroom while the clock moved toward eight.

The first trip around 5:45.

The pressure returning twenty minutes later.

The second trip producing two small pieces.

Then the third attempt that sometimes produced nothing.

She had drawn my entire morning with three arrows.

She said it as plainly as she could.

“The problem isn’t the last piece.”

“Your colon stopped pushing before it finished the movement.”

I asked her what made the push stop.

She turned the report back toward me and tapped the number 28.

“Methane can act like a brake on the contractions that move stool through your colon,” she said.

She told me to picture the conveyor belt at the grocery store.

The belt starts moving and carries the first few groceries forward.

Then it suddenly switches off while the rest are still sitting behind them.

The groceries are not stuck because the last can is too stubborn.

The belt stopped carrying them.

That was what had been happening inside me.

The first portion came out because the movement had started.

The pressure remained because the rest of the movement had not finished.

When another weaker wave came twenty minutes later, I went back and passed a little more.

If a third wave came, I made a third trip.

If it never came before I had to leave, I carried that full, unfinished pressure into the car and through the first part of my workday.

That was why I could poop three times and still feel constipated.

I had always assumed constipation meant nothing came out.

She explained that frequency was only one part of it.

You can go every day and still be constipated if you repeatedly cannot empty completely.

I sat there thinking about how many doctors had heard me say “every morning” and stopped listening.

They had counted my trips.

Nobody had asked whether any of them ended with relief.

I asked her where all that methane came from.

She said it was not simply air I had swallowed and it was not just the gas I sometimes passed.

It was being made inside my gut by methane-producing microbes called methanogens.

One of the best-known ones, she said, was called Methanobrevibacter smithii.

I asked her to repeat that name twice.

Then I told her I would never remember it.

She smiled and said I did not need to.

What mattered was understanding what those microbes did.

They used what other microbes left behind and produced methane around the clock.

The more active they became, the more methane they produced.

And the more methane they produced, the more they could slow the contractions that were supposed to finish my bowel movement.

She said methane-producing microbes do not become more active for exactly the same reason in every woman.

For some women, a course of antibiotics can disrupt the communities of bacteria that had been helping to keep them in check.

For others, months of heavy stress can interfere with the normal movement of the colon.

And as we get older, the gut can become less resilient when changes like these happen.

They can create a slower, less balanced environment that gives methane-producing microbes more room to become active.

Then she explained why the problem can become more noticeable as women get older.

For years, communities of helpful bacteria had helped maintain the environment inside my gut.

They produced substances that helped keep that environment balanced and slightly acidic.

That balance made it harder for methane producers to take over.

But around and after menopause, several things can change at the same time.

The gut can begin moving more slowly.

The mix of bacteria can shift.

And the helpful bacteria that once kept other microbes in check can thin out.

Once methane began slowing my colon, the problem could feed itself.

Slower movement gave the methane producers more time to work.

They produced more methane.

That put an even stronger brake on the next pushing wave.

For the first time, I could see that my body was not failing at the beginning of the bowel movement.

It was losing power before the end.

That one difference explained almost everything I had been doing wrong.

I asked her about MiraLAX first because I had used it five mornings a week for almost two years.

She said MiraLAX pulls more water into the stool.

That can make stool softer and easier to pass.

It explained why my first portion sometimes became softer and larger.

But adding water did not remove the methane brake from the pushing wave.

So more could come out on the first trip while the movement still stopped too early.

Then I asked about fiber.

She said fiber adds bulk.

That can help some people.

But when my colon was already moving in weak, broken waves, more bulk gave that slowed movement more material to carry.

It also gave my gut microbes more material to ferment.

That was why six months of Metamucil had left me feeling larger, gassier, and no more complete.

Then I asked about magnesium.

She said magnesium could draw in water and make it easier for stool to move.

But once again, easier stool was not the same as a coordinated push that continued until the end.

Finally, I asked about Dulcolax and the stronger laxatives I used when I became desperate.

She said a stimulant could force the colon to contract harder for a while.

That explained the urgency.

It explained why I sometimes made three extra trips after taking one.

But it did not change the microbial environment producing the methane.

The temporary force wore off.

The brake was still there the next morning.

Then I reached for another remedy and started the cycle again.

I was quiet for a moment after she finished.

I had spent years trying to make more poop come out.

More water to soften it.

More fiber to enlarge it.

More magnesium to loosen it.

More stimulant to force it.

And not one of those things had been chosen to address why the movement kept stopping before I felt empty.

“So my colon is not just lazy?” I asked.

She shook her head.

“Your first movement every morning proves that it can push,” she said.

“The problem is that the push is not carrying through to the finish.”

Hearing that was a relief.

My body was not simply old and worn out.

I was not imagining the pressure.

I was not too impatient to sit still.

And I was not failing because I had not found a strong enough laxative.

I had been treating the amount that came out instead of the reason the movement stopped.

I asked her what had to change.

She turned the paper over and wrote down three short lines.

Quiet the methane.

Rebuild the environment that keeps the methane producers under control.

Let the colon finish its pushing wave again.

“If you only force another bowel movement, you are still managing the result,” she said.

“You have to work further upstream.”

First, she said, the methane-producing microbes could no longer be allowed to dominate the gut community.

That did not mean trying to empty my entire gut with another cleanse.

It meant helping the beneficial bacteria compete again.

Second, those beneficial bacteria had to be fed the compounds they use.

She mentioned Bifidobacteria and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii.

I did not remember either name when I got home.

What I remembered was what she said those bacteria could produce when they were properly fed.

Butyrate.

She described butyrate as one of the substances that helps maintain the environment inside the colon and fuels the cells lining it.

As the helpful bacteria recover, she said, they can make the gut less welcoming to the methane-producing microbes that had gained too much ground.

That is what she meant by rebalancing the gut.

Not flushing everything out.

Not adding another random probiotic and hoping it survived.

Feeding the helpful bacteria already trying to compete inside me.

Third, as the methane-producing pattern eased, the brake on the colon’s contractions could ease with it.

The first push would not have to do the entire job alone.

The next contractions could keep carrying the movement forward.

Instead of one bowel movement arriving in three installments, the movement could begin and finish in one trip.

That was the result I actually wanted.

Not more output.

Not a violent flush.

One complete bowel movement followed by relief.

I asked what the good bacteria ate.

She wrote down two words.

Anthocyanins.

Polyphenols.

I recognized neither one.

She told me anthocyanins are the dark red, blue, and purple pigments found in certain plants.

Polyphenols are the broader family of plant compounds they belong to.

Much of what we eat is absorbed earlier in digestion.

But a portion of these plant compounds can continue down to the lower gut, where the bacteria live.

That is where the helpful bacteria can use them.

I asked her which food had enough of both compounds to be worth using every day.

She did not hand me a list of twenty foods.

She gave me one.

Hibiscus.

She told me hibiscus tea was her first choice because the deep-red flowers carry unusually high amounts of anthocyanins and polyphenols in one plant.

The color was not there simply to make the tea pretty.

That dark ruby pigment was the part I was looking for.

Brewing the flower also gave me a concentrated daily cup without adding another large load of fiber to a gut that already felt full.

The logic was finally simple enough for me to repeat back to her.

Anthocyanins and polyphenols help feed the beneficial bacteria.

Those bacteria help rebalance the methane-producing microbes.

Less methane removes the brake from the colon’s contractions.

And when the contractions carry through, the bowel movement can finish properly.

But before I could get excited, she stopped me.

“The word hibiscus on the front of a box is not enough,” she said.

The anthocyanins are pigments, and pigments can be fragile.

Heat, air, rough processing, and long storage can weaken them before the tea ever reaches my cup.

Crushing the flower into small pieces exposes more of it to those conditions.

Blending a little hibiscus with rosehips, peppermint, flavoring, and other herbs can produce red water without giving me the amount of hibiscus I thought I was buying.

That was why she wanted me to look at the flower itself.

Whole flowers protected the dark pigment better than old crushed tea dust.

Careful drying helped the flower keep its deep color.

And when the flowers still brewed a dark ruby cup, I could at least see that the pigment had not disappeared before I opened the bag.

She did not tell me what brand to buy.

She just warned me not to grab the first red box I saw and assume they were all the same.

Before I left, I read the five things back to her.

Hibiscus.

Whole flowers.

Dark and intact.

Deep ruby.

Not a blend.

For the first time, I was not leaving a doctor’s office with another way to force myself to poop.

I was leaving with an explanation for why I could poop three times and still never feel finished.

I was also leaving with a clear idea of what the right kind of hibiscus was supposed to do.

Feed the good bacteria.

Help rebalance the methane-producing microbes.

Remove the brake from the pushing movement.

Let that movement finish properly.

Then I did exactly what I had done with every other simple recommendation.

I tried to save money.

The grocery store was eight minutes from my house.

The tea aisle had a bright red box with a hibiscus flower printed on the front.

It cost $3.79.

I told myself hibiscus was hibiscus.

Before I started, I opened the same note where I had counted those 19 bathroom trips.

My clinician had asked me to keep recording four things each morning.

What time my alarm went off.

How many bathroom visits I made.

Whether the movement ever felt complete.

And whether the pressure followed me into the car or the office.

I bought it and drank two cups a day for 21 days.

One cup with breakfast.

One cup after dinner.

During the first seven days, I needed three bathroom visits on five mornings and two visits on the other two.

My alarm still went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four of those five mornings.

During the second seven days, I made 18 bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Only one morning felt complete.

I still needed the 5:30 alarm on all five workdays, and I checked the office bathroom as soon as I arrived on four of them.

During the third seven days, I made 19 trips across seven mornings.

The pressure followed me into work on four of the five workdays.

I had not moved my alarm forward by even one minute.

At the end of 21 days, I turned the box over.

Hibiscus.

Rosehips.

Lemongrass.

Peppermint.

Natural flavor.

The tea was red.

But I had not bought the whole, dark flowers she described.

I had bought a flavored tea that happened to contain some hibiscus.

That was when I pulled out my notes from the appointment.

The box met only one of the five things I had written down.

It contained hibiscus.

It was not whole flower.

It was not dark and intact.

It did not brew deep ruby.

And it was blended with four other ingredients.

So I started researching what separated one hibiscus product from another.

I learned that the dark pigments are fragile and that rough processing, heat, air, and long storage can weaken them.

I learned why whole flowers and careful drying mattered.

I also narrowed my search to organic flowers that were high-altitude grown and hand-picked.

Only after I understood those quality differences did I search for a product that matched them.

That was how I found PiPi Tea.

PiPi Tea used organic whole hibiscus flowers.

The flowers were high-altitude grown and hand-picked.

They were dark, intact, and nothing like the pale dust in the tea bags I had just finished.

When brewed, they produced the deep-ruby cup my clinician told me to look for.

I ordered PiPi Tea from https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm.

It arrived three days later.

I opened the bag at my kitchen table.

The first thing I noticed was that I could actually see the flowers.

They were whole.

They were dark red.

They looked nothing like the powder I had been steeping for three weeks.

I brewed one cup the next morning.

The water turned deep ruby in three minutes.

I drank it with breakfast.

I brewed one more cup after dinner.

And I kept using the same morning record my clinician had asked me to start.

I tracked my alarm time, how many trips it took before I felt finished, and whether the pressure followed me to work.

During my final seven days using the grocery-store tea, I made 19 bathroom trips.

Only one of those seven mornings ended with a complete feeling.

The whole process usually consumed between 90 minutes and three hours.

My alarm went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four of them.

Here is exactly what happened next.

PiPi Week 1 was not dramatic.

I made 17 bathroom trips across seven mornings.

I needed three trips on three mornings and two trips on the other four.

Two of the seven mornings felt complete.

My alarm still went off at 5:30 on all five workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on four mornings and stayed with me at my desk on three.

Those two complete mornings were enough for me to risk setting my alarm fifteen minutes later for Week 2.

PiPi Week 2 was the first time the pattern clearly shifted.

I made 13 bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Four mornings needed two trips.

One morning needed three.

And on Thursday and Sunday, I went once and stood up feeling finished.

Four of the seven mornings felt complete that week.

The pressure followed me into the car on three of the five work mornings and stayed past 9:30 on two.

Because four mornings had felt complete, I risked moving my alarm another fifteen minutes later for Week 3.

PiPi Week 3 was when I started to believe this was different.

I made ten bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Four mornings ended after one visit.

Three mornings needed two visits.

Five of the seven mornings felt complete.

The average time between my first trip and feeling finished fell from nearly two hours to 34 minutes.

The pressure returned during my commute on two of those five mornings.

After five complete mornings that week, I set my alarm for 6:20 at the start of Week 4.

PiPi Week 4 was the week I finally trusted the complete feeling.

I made eight bathroom trips across seven mornings.

Six mornings ended after one visit.

One morning needed a second trip.

Six of the seven mornings felt complete.

The pressure followed me into the car once that entire week.

On Friday, I stood up after one visit and felt no returning pressure.

Normally, I would still have waited twenty minutes just in case.

That morning, I finished getting ready, picked up my work bag, and left at 8:10.

It was the first time I trusted my body enough not to wait for another wave.

The next month was not perfect, but the improvement held.

By PiPi Week 8, 20 of 28 mornings ended after one bathroom visit.

Twenty-four of those 28 mornings felt complete.

Seven mornings needed a second visit, and one difficult morning still needed three.

I set my alarm for 6:35 on all 20 workdays.

The pressure followed me into the car on three of those 20 mornings and stayed with me at my desk on two.

I had stopped using Dulcolax completely.

I had used MiraLAX four times across those four weeks instead of roughly 20 times.

By PiPi Week 12, I had recorded 25 complete mornings out of 28.

Twenty-two ended after one visit.

Five needed a second visit, and one needed three.

Three mornings still felt incomplete, but not one of the 28 disappeared into a three-hour wait.

I set my alarm for 7:00 on all 20 workdays.

On those 20 mornings, the pressure followed me into the car twice and made me check the office bathroom once.

At my follow-up appointment, the clinician looked at the numbers I had tracked.

She circled 19 trips before PiPi Tea.

Then she circled eight trips in Week 4.

Then she circled 22 one-visit mornings in my final 28 days.

Finally, she circled the 20 workdays when my alarm had gone off at seven.

“This is what improvement looks like for your actual complaint,” she said.

“Not simply going more often.”

“Finishing.”

I stopped counting how many times I went.

I started noticing whether I felt finished.

That change gave me something I had not realized I was losing.

Ninety minutes of sleep.

And the first part of my workday.

Last Tuesday, my alarm went off at seven.

I went to the bathroom a few minutes later.

I stood up twelve minutes later feeling empty.

I got dressed.

I packed my lunch and picked up my work bag.

And this time, I did not put it down again.

I left the house at 8:15.

I drove through the first traffic light without checking the pressure in my belly.

I reached my desk at 8:45.

It was only when I opened my lunch at noon that I realized I had not checked for pressure once.

I had not waited for another wave.

I had not checked which office bathroom was empty.

The bowel movement had ended at home.

If you have been living this, you know exactly what I mean.

You know the first trip that looks successful.

You know the pressure that returns after you wash your hands.

You know the second trip that produces two small pieces.

You know the third attempt that produces nothing.

You know what it is to go every day and still never feel empty.

You know what it is to pick up your work bag and put it down again.

You know what it is to tell yourself, “Give it another twenty minutes.”

You know what it is to set your alarm 90 minutes early and still watch the clock between attempts.

You know the bloating that follows you when the movement does not finish.

You know the trapped gas and the pressure under your waistband.

You know what it is to feel that pressure return in traffic and wonder whether you should turn around.

You know what it is to reach work on time but begin the day already exhausted and distracted.

You know the frustration of fiber making you fuller, MiraLAX making more come out, and stronger laxatives giving you urgency without relief.

And you know what it is to be told you cannot be constipated because you go every morning.

The number of times you sit on the toilet is not the same as the number of complete bowel movements you have.

Three visits can still be one unfinished movement.

The problem may not be one stubborn final piece.

Your colon may be losing the pushing movement before it finishes.

And if methane is acting like a brake on that movement, forcing out more material does not remove the brake.

That is why the anthocyanins and polyphenols mattered to me.

They were not there to create one more violent flush.

They were there to help rebalance the methane-producing microbes.

Rebalance the microbes.

Remove the brake.

Let the movement finish properly.

But the quality of the hibiscus mattered.

I learned that after wasting 21 days on a $3.79 blended tea bag.

PiPi Tea uses organic whole hibiscus flowers.

The flowers are high-altitude grown.

They are hand-picked.

They brew deep ruby because the dark pigment is still present in the flower.

That is the difference between buying a red herbal drink and buying the whole-flower hibiscus I had been told to find.

Right now, PiPi Tea is offering significant savings on its multi-bag bundles.

Every order is also backed by a 90-day money-back guarantee.

You can try the tea and track the measure that matters to you.

What time did your alarm have to go off?

How many visits does one movement take?

How long passes between the first trip and feeling finished?

How often does the pressure follow you into the car or the office?

How many mornings end with you genuinely feeling finished?

If after 90 days you do not feel your morning rhythm returning, you can send it back.

You can return the bag even if you tried it.

You get your money back.

No restocking fee.

Tap the link below to see whether PiPi Tea is still available.

https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm

There is one thing to remember before you order.

Do not assume every tea with a red flower on the box is the same.

Look for whole flowers.

Look for the deep-ruby brew.

Look for organic, high-altitude-grown, hand-picked hibiscus.

Those were the five details I wrote down.

Those were the five details my $3.79 box did not have.

Those were the five details I found in PiPi Tea.

Whole flowers are not the same as crushed tea dust, and carefully handled flowers cannot be replaced as quickly as cheap blended tea bags.

If PiPi Tea is available, do not give another month of mornings to the same unfinished movement.

Do not keep measuring success by whether something came out.

Measure whether the movement actually ended.

I am 54 years old.

I still go to the bathroom every morning.

The difference is that now, most mornings, I go once.

I stand up feeling empty.

My alarm goes off at seven instead of 5:30.

I pick up my work bag and leave at 8:15 without waiting for another urge.

The 90 minutes I used to give my bowels belong to me again.

https://shop.pipitea.com/hbt/kd/c/sp-nm
